Artificial intelligence updates every Friday at 2:00 p.m. Eastern today, Friday at 2:00 p.m. Eastern today, Friday, April 17th. Friday, April 17th. And the epigraph for today is this And the epigraph for today is this Anthropic 30 times growth in 15 months Anthropic 30 times growth in 15 months is not a trend, is a phase transition. is not a trend, is a phase transition. You know, in physics, ice melts into You know, in physics, ice melts into water, water becomes steam. These are water, water becomes steam. These are phase transitions. phase transitions. And that's what's happening is seeing And that's what's happening is seeing Anthropic annual recurring revenue or Anthropic annual recurring revenue or run rate. It was 1 billion analyzed in run rate. It was 1 billion analyzed in January 25, and it's 30 billion now. So, January 25, and it's 30 billion now. So, it's like 30 times growth.

it's like 30 times growth. Anyway, Anyway, this is the updated It's actually this is the updated It's actually updated today. I forgot to change to updated today. I forgot to change to April 17th. But you see the new model April 17th. But you see the new model Claude Opus 4.7 Claude Opus 4.7 now takes the lead. now takes the lead. It is leading in all Well, almost all It is leading in all Well, almost all benchmarks. benchmarks. Although first testers report, maybe you Although first testers report, maybe you shouldn't rush to switch the model and shouldn't rush to switch the model and continue to use 4.6 because 4.7 uses continue to use 4.6 because 4.7 uses more tokens, it gets more expensive, and more tokens, it gets more expensive, and the benefits are not like obvious at the benefits are not like obvious at this point. So, we will see.

this point. So, we will see. Next, Anthropic plugins. Remember in Next, Anthropic plugins. Remember in January when the market crashed for January when the market crashed for because of software as a service because of software as a service companies. companies. Well, also there was a deep six thing, Well, also there was a deep six thing, but anyway, but anyway, they released 11 open-source plugins on they released 11 open-source plugins on GitHub, which are basically pieces of GitHub, which are basically pieces of text. And it really crushed the market, text. And it really crushed the market, right? So, if you go to this GitHub right? So, if you go to this GitHub link, you'll see 11 plugins. So, this is link, you'll see 11 plugins. So, this is like productivity, enterprise search, like productivity, enterprise search, sales, finance, data, legal, marketing, sales, finance, data, legal, marketing, and and so on. So, this is example of and and so on. So, this is example of legal legal plugin. What it is, it's basically bunch plugin. What it is, it's basically bunch of skills, and each skill it's markdown of skills, and each skill it's markdown file, it's a text file.

file, it's a text file. So, collection of those text files So, collection of those text files crushed the market. crushed the market. This is another link This is another link also on GitHub. These are financial also on GitHub. These are financial services plugins again from Anthropic. services plugins again from Anthropic. And this is more Claude plugins again And this is more Claude plugins again from Anthropic. 33 plugins. And you see from Anthropic. 33 plugins. And you see see the list. You can explore them and see the list. You can explore them and learn how to use them. learn how to use them. It's actually very, very easy. So, this It's actually very, very easy. So, this is example how would you install a is example how would you install a plugin. plugin. Once you have it, you do basically Once you have it, you do basically command {slash} plugin install. In this command {slash} plugin install. In this case, it's mem search.

case, it's mem search. And this is the GitHub for mem search. And this is the GitHub for mem search. And yeah. So, let's And yeah. So, let's go go next. next. A A few words about MCP context protocol. few words about MCP context protocol. Uh Uh So, this is agent. This is James Bond, So, this is agent. This is James Bond, which is running around using pistols which is running around using pistols and other tools to do his job, right? and other tools to do his job, right? And MCP server is basically a context, a And MCP server is basically a context, a library, a file cabinet, set of library, a file cabinet, set of instructions, files, databases, instructions, files, databases, whatever. It cannot run around and whatever. It cannot run around and shoot. And agent can consult with this shoot. And agent can consult with this information source.

information source. Uh so, model, it's an agent Uh so, model, it's an agent C context. So, this is the data context. C context. So, this is the data context. And protocol is how they communicate. And protocol is how they communicate. Now, it's very easy to create Now, it's very easy to create MCP server. So, this small piece of MCP server. So, this small piece of Python code is actually is doing this. Python code is actually is doing this. So, you from MCP server fast MCP import So, you from MCP server fast MCP import fast MCP, you create an object, you fast MCP, you create an object, you create the tool, the resource, and then create the tool, the resource, and then you run it. That's it. That's how simple you run it. That's it. That's how simple it is. it is. MCP protocol exposes primitive types MCP protocol exposes primitive types like tools, resources, and prompts.

like tools, resources, and prompts. Well, there's more to that, but in its Well, there's more to that, but in its core, it's very, very simple. core, it's very, very simple. Claude Mythos. Claude Mythos. It's a new model which It's a new model which they kind of announced, but they haven't they kind of announced, but they haven't released it to the public. They used it released it to the public. They used it for for cybersecurity projects with some select cybersecurity projects with some select partners. partners. And if you go to this Anthropic page, And if you go to this Anthropic page, there's 245 pages uh report about this there's 245 pages uh report about this more model, like it's system card, which more model, like it's system card, which is very, very impressive. is very, very impressive. So, So, uh the word Mythos come from ancient uh the word Mythos come from ancient Greek mythos, Greek mythos, meaning speech, word, utterance, story, meaning speech, word, utterance, story, tale, narrative.

tale, narrative. So, all So, all models models from Anthropic from Anthropic >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> You see, haiku is a three-line >> You see, haiku is a three-line poetry, right? A sonnet is like 14 poetry, right? A sonnet is like 14 lines. Opus, well, it's a huge opus, lines. Opus, well, it's a huge opus, piece of literature. And now Mythos, piece of literature. And now Mythos, like mythical something. like mythical something. So, Anthropic Claude Mythos is So, Anthropic Claude Mythos is generating concerns because of security, generating concerns because of security, because it resolved so many security because it resolved so many security bugs, and uh bugs, and uh it's very, very powerful model. Anyway, it's very, very powerful model. Anyway, Claude 4.7 was released yesterday, and Claude 4.7 was released yesterday, and it's very good. So, this Oops, sorry.

it's very good. So, this Oops, sorry. This table shows Opus 4.7, 4.6, GPT-4, This table shows Opus 4.7, 4.6, GPT-4, Gemini 3.1, and Mythos. And you see, for Gemini 3.1, and Mythos. And you see, for example, agentic coding, Opus example, agentic coding, Opus 4.7 is much better than Opus 4.6, but 4.7 is much better than Opus 4.6, but it's worse than Mythos preview, and so it's worse than Mythos preview, and so on. Mythos is like very, very strong on. Mythos is like very, very strong model, but it wasn't released yet. model, but it wasn't released yet. And I really like this video by And I really like this video by Matthew Berman. He goes in depth of all Matthew Berman. He goes in depth of all the features and all the benchmarks. the features and all the benchmarks. Claude agent SDK. Claude agent SDK. There is a Python library There is a Python library called called Claude agent SDK.

Claude agent SDK. And you can download and install it. And And you can download and install it. And when you call it, when you invoke it, when you call it, when you invoke it, it actually puts in memory a small it actually puts in memory a small bun executable, a small bun binary. Bun bun executable, a small bun binary. Bun is is Well, you can think about it as a Well, you can think about it as a compiler for for JavaScript. compiler for for JavaScript. And uh And uh so, your Python script talks to this so, your Python script talks to this module, which is basically Python module, which is basically Python wrapper around this CLI agentic loop, wrapper around this CLI agentic loop, which which is TypeScript JavaScript which which is TypeScript JavaScript thingy, which talks to Claude model in thingy, which talks to Claude model in the cloud. So, you can think about this the cloud. So, you can think about this CLI as Claude code, Claude code CLI, CLI as Claude code, Claude code CLI, which is very good harness to to work which is very good harness to to work with Claude model. And via this SDK, you with Claude model. And via this SDK, you basically have it in memory when you're basically have it in memory when you're running your script. So, very, very running your script. So, very, very powerful.

powerful. Claude agent SDK is available from Claude agent SDK is available from different languages. So, Python, of different languages. So, Python, of course, and then TypeScript. Well, the course, and then TypeScript. Well, the Claude CLI itself is written in Claude CLI itself is written in TypeScript. So, of course, they have TypeScript. So, of course, they have TypeScript. But also it was ported into TypeScript. But also it was ported into Rust, Golang, Kotlin, C++, Rust, Golang, Kotlin, C++, and I guess others. and I guess others. Anthropic advisor strategy. This is the Anthropic advisor strategy. This is the strategy where you use different models strategy where you use different models to do different things. So, when you to do different things. So, when you need to do something simple, you use need to do something simple, you use sonnet or haiku, which are smaller sonnet or haiku, which are smaller models. But when you need to really models. But when you need to really think and plan, then you use Opus. So, think and plan, then you use Opus. So, Opus is a consigliere, and then you have Opus is a consigliere, and then you have cheaper models to do specific things.

cheaper models to do specific things. Okay, this is plug for my channel, Okay, this is plug for my channel, channel name Left Selector. Oh, I channel name Left Selector. Oh, I haven't updated these numbers, they're haven't updated these numbers, they're bigger than this. Uh bigger than this. Uh I always provide slides. You can I always provide slides. You can download links under the video. And download links under the video. And please, I always ask question under the please, I always ask question under the video or in comments. Please stop the video or in comments. Please stop the video and answer the question. It really video and answer the question. It really helps me. helps me. Okay, Open Claude. Okay, Open Claude. A lot of updates. Um A lot of updates. Um and you see, it's well, and you see, it's well, April 10th, 12th, 14th, 15th. So, every April 10th, 12th, 14th, 15th. So, every day, every second day, they have update.

day, every second day, they have update. The recent ones, for example, you see The recent ones, for example, you see they added Claude Opus 4.7. And and so they added Claude Opus 4.7. And and so on. on. I When I started building digital I When I started building digital employee for myself, I thought I will go employee for myself, I thought I will go this route, maybe Open Claude, maybe I this route, maybe Open Claude, maybe I will build something similar to Open will build something similar to Open Claude. But then I decided to Claude. But then I decided to concentrate on Claude Anthropic Claude, concentrate on Claude Anthropic Claude, Claude code, and use this ecosystem, and Claude code, and use this ecosystem, and it is very rich. It has all the tooling it is very rich. It has all the tooling you need, and it's so much better. So, you need, and it's so much better. So, okay, but I still, because Open Claude okay, but I still, because Open Claude is so popular, is so popular, I still provide information about it.

I still provide information about it. And these are releases And these are releases for Claude code, and you can see again a for Claude code, and you can see again a lot. So, these are all releases from lot. So, these are all releases from April 10th. So, for a week. Again, a lot April 10th. So, for a week. Again, a lot of updates. of updates. Now, Anthropic Claude uh Now, Anthropic Claude uh people use Claude code CLI in terminal, people use Claude code CLI in terminal, but also there is a Claude desktop. but also there is a Claude desktop. And recently it was updated to be more And recently it was updated to be more for developer. Like, for example, four for developer. Like, for example, four parallel Claude code instances you can parallel Claude code instances you can use inside this GUI use inside this GUI in split view layout, integrated browser in split view layout, integrated browser preview. When you're working on your preview. When you're working on your browser application, you can see this browser application, you can see this browser right there inside the same browser right there inside the same application. Dedicated terminals per application. Dedicated terminals per session, code diff viewing, direct pull session, code diff viewing, direct pull request handling with GitHub. Routines request handling with GitHub. Routines formally scheduled task. This is very formally scheduled task. This is very interesting. So, before the scheduling interesting. So, before the scheduling was inside this application, so you you was inside this application, so you you to keep the application running for to keep the application running for scheduling to work, but now you can scheduling to work, but now you can schedule it on the cloud and run on the schedule it on the cloud and run on the cloud side, if you want to. Routine can cloud side, if you want to. Routine can be triggered by a API endpoints, routine be triggered by a API endpoints, routine templates, templates, and so on. Well, it's still new, it's and so on. Well, it's still new, it's still lagging, and it still has some still lagging, and it still has some bugs, but well, the future is bright.

bugs, but well, the future is bright. Uh, Uh, there are multiple videos showing there are multiple videos showing different uh skills. So, this video, for different uh skills. So, this video, for example, top 10 Claude code skills, example, top 10 Claude code skills, plugins, and CLIs. plugins, and CLIs. So, for example, Codex plugin. So, you So, for example, Codex plugin. So, you can use uh can use uh uh uh Codex, which is OpenAI models or some Codex, which is OpenAI models or some other models. Well, you don't really other models. Well, you don't really need them for coding, because Claude need them for coding, because Claude does it better, but you can use it, for does it better, but you can use it, for example, for adversarial code reviews. example, for adversarial code reviews. Obsidian skills, uh Obsidian skills, uh Obsidian is for for memory, for data Obsidian is for for memory, for data storage. Uh auto research by Andrej storage. Uh auto research by Andrej Karpathy, awesome design MD collection Karpathy, awesome design MD collection of design MD files to developing of design MD files to developing designs, and so on. Well, okay, so there designs, and so on. Well, okay, so there are many So, this is 10 skills for web are many So, this is 10 skills for web design.

design. Oh, this is interesting, skills to Oh, this is interesting, skills to reduce coding mistakes. reduce coding mistakes. It's not a problem nowadays, but it used It's not a problem nowadays, but it used to be, like you asking Claude to do to be, like you asking Claude to do something and it does something else. Or something and it does something else. Or in addition what you asked, it uh it it in addition what you asked, it uh it it does does >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> something which you didn't ask it to do, >> something which you didn't ask it to do, right? Uh so, uh the wisdom here is to right? Uh so, uh the wisdom here is to create rules asking it to do exactly create rules asking it to do exactly what you ask, and nothing more. Like, what you ask, and nothing more. Like, think before coding, state assumptions, think before coding, state assumptions, and surface confusion, write minimum and surface confusion, write minimum code that solves the problem, make code that solves the problem, make surgical edits that touch only what's surgical edits that touch only what's necessary, and define verifiable success necessary, and define verifiable success criteria. So, you can add those rules criteria. So, you can add those rules described here uh to your maybe described here uh to your maybe Claude.md or some other MD files in your Claude.md or some other MD files in your project.

project. Uh Uh work with Google Workspace. work with Google Workspace. So, if you want to send emails, uh like So, if you want to send emails, uh like Google emails, or you want to work with Google emails, or you want to work with Google Docs, Google Drive, and so on. Google Docs, Google Drive, and so on. Uh this is a very common uh and there Uh this is a very common uh and there are libraries which have lots of usage, are libraries which have lots of usage, lots of downloads, work very well, lots of downloads, work very well, coming from Google itself or from third coming from Google itself or from third party. party. And this is example from Google itself, And this is example from Google itself, Google Workspace CLI, inclu- oops, Google Workspace CLI, inclu- oops, sorry. sorry. Uh includes Claude.md file, Claude Uh includes Claude.md file, Claude directory, more than 100 agent skills, directory, more than 100 agent skills, built in Rust, so means very fast.

built in Rust, so means very fast. Uh Uh and yeah, you can use this. For Python, and yeah, you can use this. For Python, you can use Composer, which is you can use Composer, which is commercial solution, or you can use commercial solution, or you can use Google Workspace MCP server, which is Google Workspace MCP server, which is open source MIT. And this is example how open source MIT. And this is example how how uh you can use it. how uh you can use it. Uh so, it's very very easy to start uh Uh so, it's very very easy to start uh to make your agent to work with Google to make your agent to work with Google Workspace or process your Gmail email. Workspace or process your Gmail email. Okay, more skills and resources. Okay, more skills and resources. I will not go through them, just to show I will not go through them, just to show this ecosystem for Claude code is very this ecosystem for Claude code is very very rich. Whatever you want to do, very rich. Whatever you want to do, there are already solutions which are there are already solutions which are already tested and verified and just already tested and verified and just ready ready for use.

ready ready for use. Uh Uh InfraNodus, generate ideas. InfraNodus, generate ideas. So, So, this is system kind of strange, it shows this is system kind of strange, it shows you you uh your your project, and you can try to uh your your project, and you can try to find find uh like gaps in it, where you can do uh like gaps in it, where you can do something original. something original. So, you see, map your concepts as a So, you see, map your concepts as a network, identifies the main topic network, identifies the main topic clusters, and finds the gap space of clusters, and finds the gap space of clusters that are weakly connected. clusters that are weakly connected. Those gaps are where novel ideas leave. Those gaps are where novel ideas leave. Okay? Okay? Uh Cogni Uh Cogni uh gives your AI a persistent memory.

uh gives your AI a persistent memory. So, it has uh three ways to store your So, it has uh three ways to store your data, so you have relational store, data, so you have relational store, vector store, and graph store, and they vector store, and graph store, and they all work together. So, it's on GitHub, all work together. So, it's on GitHub, and you can use it. and you can use it. Uh next, adding workflow builder to your Uh next, adding workflow builder to your agent. So, we currently work on creating agent. So, we currently work on creating our own agent, our own agent, and we want to generate and we want to generate uh workflows, and we use library uh workflows, and we use library uh uh which is a simple JavaScript library, which is a simple JavaScript library, which we installed and modified using which we installed and modified using Claude code.

Claude code. And uh so, it's basically a canvas in And uh so, it's basically a canvas in the browser, and you can put something the browser, and you can put something and you can connect them, and you can and you can connect them, and you can move them around. move them around. Uh Uh quite sophisticated. And then you can quite sophisticated. And then you can save it as a J- JSON file, and then you save it as a J- JSON file, and then you can eventually run this JSON as as a can eventually run this JSON as as a workflow. So, you don't need external workflow. So, you don't need external services, you can do everything services, you can do everything using Claude code and something like using Claude code and something like that. that. Uh Uh it's called Light graph, and yeah, we it's called Light graph, and yeah, we modified it, it's now a little bit modified it, it's now a little bit different.

different. Okay, uh Okay, uh all other vendors started providing all other vendors started providing their own desktop agents. So, it's not their own desktop agents. So, it's not just in the browser. Like, Google Gemini just in the browser. Like, Google Gemini just released this week desktop just released this week desktop application for macOS and Windows. application for macOS and Windows. And for macOS, built in Swift, requires And for macOS, built in Swift, requires uh uh recent version of operating system. recent version of operating system. Windows app is similar to Microsoft Windows app is similar to Microsoft Copilot. Uh they don't have deep Copilot. Uh they don't have deep integration on OS level. Uh Linux integration on OS level. Uh Linux doesn't have it yet. Um so, skills doesn't have it yet. Um so, skills Okay, notes about Google agent mode.

Okay, notes about Google agent mode. Gemini Ultra has agent toggle in the Gemini Ultra has agent toggle in the tools. Well, if you're paying 250 a tools. Well, if you're paying 250 a month, then you get this toggle. Gemini month, then you get this toggle. Gemini code assist in VS code and IntelliJ have code assist in VS code and IntelliJ have agent mode, and Google search now has AI agent mode, and Google search now has AI mode. Okay, Perplexity. mode. Okay, Perplexity. Perplexity Pro, this is what I use, Perplexity Pro, this is what I use, which is $20 a month. Uh this is just which is $20 a month. Uh this is just subscription, it does web research and subscription, it does web research and answers your questions and advise you. answers your questions and advise you. It's actually very very useful. But they It's actually very very useful. But they have the new thing called Perplexity have the new thing called Perplexity computer, but it's paid differently. You computer, but it's paid differently. You have to have to pay it for some additional uh credits.

pay it for some additional uh credits. And uh And uh search subscription, but can perform search subscription, but can perform multiple step operations. So, it's like multiple step operations. So, it's like an agent using different models, agents an agent using different models, agents orchestrating, designed for complex orchestrating, designed for complex long-running tasks. long-running tasks. But they have different payment model. But they have different payment model. And then they have Perplexity Perplexity And then they have Perplexity Perplexity personal computer. They just released it personal computer. They just released it for Mac, and if you have it installed on for Mac, and if you have it installed on your Mac, you can press command command your Mac, you can press command command like simultaneously, it will pop up. So, like simultaneously, it will pop up. So, it works locally, it works with your it works locally, it works with your files. It's like a digital employee files. It's like a digital employee living on your computer. But again, it's living on your computer. But again, it's very very early, it's waiting list, it's very very early, it's waiting list, it's buggy, and but again, future is bright.

buggy, and but again, future is bright. Uh OpenAI also have desktop application Uh OpenAI also have desktop application for both macOS and Windows. for both macOS and Windows. Uh similar like Google. Uh similar like Google. Uh macOS app supports quick access Uh macOS app supports quick access shortcut, app integration, VS code, shortcut, app integration, VS code, Notion, voice conversation. Windows app Notion, voice conversation. Windows app available Microsoft store, offers available Microsoft store, offers companion window for instant queries, companion window for instant queries, file uploads, image generation. file uploads, image generation. Both apps are free to download with some Both apps are free to download with some advanced features reserved for paid advanced features reserved for paid plans. Looking ahead, OpenAI announced plans. Looking ahead, OpenAI announced plans for March to build a unified plans for March to build a unified desktop super app, desktop super app, uh but we don't see it yet. Uh being uh but we don't see it yet. Uh being designed around agentic AI and aimed designed around agentic AI and aimed primarily at developers and enterprise primarily at developers and enterprise users. Okay, no Linux app.

users. Okay, no Linux app. Uh next, uh Uh next, uh SeaDance uh 2.0 public. So, it's AI SeaDance uh 2.0 public. So, it's AI video generation by ByteDance, coming video generation by ByteDance, coming from China, proprietary, and apparently from China, proprietary, and apparently very good. very good. And then, uh Top View AI agent V2. It And then, uh Top View AI agent V2. It uses SeaDance uses SeaDance 2.0 model under under the hood, along 2.0 model under under the hood, along for long storytelling, automatically for long storytelling, automatically breaking prompts and structured breaking prompts and structured multi-scene storyboards, and so on. multi-scene storyboards, and so on. Okay, this is good. Okay, this is good. Uh Railway deployment. Uh Railway deployment. When you uh create your application on When you uh create your application on something like Lovable or whatever, but something like Lovable or whatever, but then you want to actually deploy, there then you want to actually deploy, there are multiple options, and one of them is are multiple options, and one of them is uh Railway, uh Railway, uh founded 6 years ago, easy to build, uh founded 6 years ago, easy to build, deploy, and scale applications, connect deploy, and scale applications, connect GitHub repository, and then every time GitHub repository, and then every time you submit something to GitHub, it you submit something to GitHub, it automatically goes to Railway.

automatically goes to Railway. Uh supports instant provisioning Uh supports instant provisioning databases like Postgres, MySQL, MongoDB. databases like Postgres, MySQL, MongoDB. Uh pricing usage-based, starting at $5 a Uh pricing usage-based, starting at $5 a month. month. SOC 2 type certified for compliance. SOC 2 type certified for compliance. And yeah, you see, it's used by 23% of And yeah, you see, it's used by 23% of Fortune 500 companies. Fortune 500 companies. So, it may be a good way to go. So, it may be a good way to go. Railway is a cloud deployment platform, Railway is a cloud deployment platform, not a web coding tool. not a web coding tool. Right? So, you start with web coding, Right? So, you start with web coding, but then eventually you move to Railway. but then eventually you move to Railway. It takes existing code and It takes existing code and handles deploying, scaling, and hosting, handles deploying, scaling, and hosting, and at the end, it is cheaper than if and at the end, it is cheaper than if you host it on one of those web coding you host it on one of those web coding platforms.

platforms. Uh Uh so, the two categories, web coding and so, the two categories, web coding and like deployment, are complementary. like deployment, are complementary. Uh okay, if you want to build an app Uh okay, if you want to build an app fast with no code, use Lovable or Bolt. fast with no code, use Lovable or Bolt. If you want to deploy and run reliably, If you want to deploy and run reliably, use Railway. use Railway. So, you develop something in Claude So, you develop something in Claude code, you submit it to GitHub, it goes code, you submit it to GitHub, it goes to Railway Railway, sorry. And then, to Railway Railway, sorry. And then, what you can do also in Railway, it will what you can do also in Railway, it will be be some custom URL, but then you can say, some custom URL, but then you can say, take Cloudflare and take Cloudflare and create a domain there, and in DNS create a domain there, and in DNS records, point it to this application, records, point it to this application, and then you will have a real app with and then you will have a real app with real domain name.

real domain name. Okay, uh Moonshots podcast. Well, they Okay, uh Moonshots podcast. Well, they were talking about so many different were talking about so many different features. features. One is like SpaceX planning two trillion One is like SpaceX planning two trillion IPO mostly by Starlink revenues and so IPO mostly by Starlink revenues and so on. I will not talk about it. Skills to on. I will not talk about it. Skills to survive in new world. survive in new world. Agency, the ability to identify Agency, the ability to identify problems, act independently, and build problems, act independently, and build solutions without relying on others. solutions without relying on others. Taste and perspective, your unique life Taste and perspective, your unique life experience created an unfair advantage.

experience created an unfair advantage. Judgment and deep generalization, Judgment and deep generalization, cross-domain synthesis. cross-domain synthesis. Well, be a human and be different. Okay. Well, be a human and be different. Okay. AI is no longer optional. I really like AI is no longer optional. I really like this video by Julia McCoy this video by Julia McCoy where she explains like you actually where she explains like you actually have no choice. have no choice. You have to use AI. You have to use AI. Three valuable AI skills, agent Three valuable AI skills, agent orchestrations, orchestrations, AI human interface design, and AI safety AI human interface design, and AI safety and alignment translation. So, if you and alignment translation. So, if you become specialist in any of those or become specialist in any of those or maybe in all three, maybe in all three, then then well, on a job you will be in high well, on a job you will be in high demand.

demand. AI agents on a job market. AI agents AI agents on a job market. AI agents sure thing. sure thing. So, a team of autonomous AI agents So, a team of autonomous AI agents working together on cloud, persistent working together on cloud, persistent memory integrations with over a thousand memory integrations with over a thousand apps like apps like Slack, Notion, HubSpot. Company called Slack, Notion, HubSpot. Company called Super intend somewhere in San Francisco. Super intend somewhere in San Francisco. And And only one co-founder which I found. only one co-founder which I found. So, yeah, very interesting idea. So, yeah, very interesting idea. Using multiple agents working together. Using multiple agents working together. Okay, how to set up Hermes agent. Hermes Okay, how to set up Hermes agent. Hermes becoming extremely popular because becoming extremely popular because you set it up, it's very convenient, you set it up, it's very convenient, it's better it's better than open claw. And as it works, it than open claw. And as it works, it self-educates, it self-improves, it self-educates, it self-improves, it becomes better and better. So, this is becomes better and better. So, this is Hermes the like Hermes the like Greek mythology Olympian god of Greek mythology Olympian god of boundaries, travel, commerce, boundaries, travel, commerce, communication. So, running very fast, communication. So, running very fast, messenger of gods.

messenger of gods. And yeah, this is this is a very good And yeah, this is this is a very good video video guide how to set it up and how to use. guide how to set it up and how to use. Comes with 74 pre-installed skills, Comes with 74 pre-installed skills, supports hundreds of models, and so on. supports hundreds of models, and so on. And And next, next, yeah, convert Claude code into Claude yeah, convert Claude code into Claude claw. claw. So, I I told you that I started thinking So, I I told you that I started thinking about Claude claw about Claude claw claw, but then not Claude claw, but then not Claude >> [laughter] >> [laughter] >> about open claw, but then kind of >> about open claw, but then kind of decided to go with Claude code. But here decided to go with Claude code. But here he he explains something he calls it Claude explains something he calls it Claude claw. So, it's like open claw, but it's claw. So, it's like open claw, but it's actually based on code and agent SDK.

actually based on code and agent SDK. And but has all the features which open And but has all the features which open claw has. claw has. So, you can do this. It's a smart memory So, you can do this. It's a smart memory uses Gemini flash to wash and categorize uses Gemini flash to wash and categorize conversations into SQLite and Obsidian conversations into SQLite and Obsidian separating temporary content from separating temporary content from permanent pin facts. permanent pin facts. Okay, so this is probably good way to Okay, so this is probably good way to go. go. Anthropic Anthropic growth. Yeah, this is absolutely growth. Yeah, this is absolutely amazing. So, this curve this kind of red amazing. So, this curve this kind of red curve, this is Anthropic. curve, this is Anthropic. And this is how it's revenue grows. So, And this is how it's revenue grows. So, this is 2026, 25, 24, 23.

this is 2026, 25, 24, 23. So, it started from almost nothing and So, it started from almost nothing and it goes very very fast. And here this it goes very very fast. And here this month month it it went ahead of OpenAI. So, Anthropic now went ahead of OpenAI. So, Anthropic now it's at 30 billion it's at 30 billion >> [snorts] >> [snorts] >> ARR and OpenAI is only 25. And >> ARR and OpenAI is only 25. And consistency, it continues. So, they consistency, it continues. So, they decided to concentrate on one thing decided to concentrate on one thing which is which is building algorithms, reasoning, building building algorithms, reasoning, building software, like planning. software, like planning. And because this is something which is And because this is something which is needed everywhere in any business, needed everywhere in any business, not not just software management. And not not just software management. And yeah, they are in very very high demand.

yeah, they are in very very high demand. So much so that So much so that they don't have enough chips. So, they they don't have enough chips. So, they really really they have money, they really really they have money, they don't have chips. don't have chips. Okay. Uh Okay. Uh Okay, this is layoffs and last month we Okay, this is layoffs and last month we had a lot of layoffs from Oracle. But if had a lot of layoffs from Oracle. But if you forget about Oracle, then it's you forget about Oracle, then it's basically about the same this this basically about the same this this month. month. Okay. Okay. This is me as usual and thank you.
