  Improving Access to Essential Medicines via Decision-
               Aware Machine Learning
 Angel Tsai-Hsuan Chung (鍾采璇)1†, Jatu Abdulai3, Patrick Bayoh3, Lawrence Sandi3, Francis
                        Smart4, Hamsa Bastani1†*, Osbert Bastani2†*
     1Department of Operations, Information, and Decisions, University of Pennsylvania,

            Jon M. Huntsman Hall, 3730 Walnut St, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA
       2Department of Computer and Information Science, University of Pennsylvania,

                       3330 Walnut St, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA
                     3National Medical Supplies Agency, Sierra Leone

                      31 Murray Town Road, Freetown, Sierra Leone
                      4Ministry of Health and Sanitation, Sierra Leone

                          Youyi Building, Freetown, Sierra Leone
    †To whom correspondence should be addressed; E-mail: angelchg@wharton.upenn.edu;

                     hamsab@wharton.upenn.edu; obastani@seas.upenn.edu
                                     *Denote equal last author




A critical challenge in healthcare systems in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs) is
the efficient and equitable allocation of scarce resources, particularly essential medicines 1.
This problem is complicated by limited high-quality data, which restricts the applicability of
traditional data-driven techniques2,3,4,5. We propose a novel decision-aware machine
learning framework for essential medicines allocation, which additionally leverages multi-
task learning to ensure sample efficiency and catalytic priors to ensure equitable allocation.
In collaboration with the Sierra Leone national government, we performed a staggered,
nationwide deployment of our system as a decision support tool. Our econometric evaluation
finds an estimated 19% increase in consumption of allocated products in treated districts,
demonstrating its efficacy at improving access to essential medicines. Our tool was
subsequently scaled nationwide, covering an estimated 2 million women and children under
five. Our work demonstrates how machine learning methods can improve efficiency at very
low cost in resource-constrained global health settings.

Introduction
Machine learning has demonstrated enormous potential for improving healthcare, with
applications ranging from screening and diagnosis6,7,8, targeted testing9, and automating medical
record generation10. Success stories have largely occurred in developed nations, which have high-
quality data available to train predictive models. Yet, machine learning has unique potential to
help alleviate challenges caused by infrastructure limitations in developing nations, such as poor
stock management systems11 and insufficient staff training in logistics and inventory
management1,3. These limitations can introduce operational challenges that make it difficult to
match supply to demand, leading to shortages of common medicines and medical supplies that are
taken for granted in developed nations. An assessment by the World Health Organization (WHO)
found that on average across a representative sample of health facilities in several African countries


                                                  1
(including Sierra Leone), less than 40% of maternal essential medicines were readily available 12,13.
This scarcity can force vulnerable patients to pay inflated private-sector prices or forgo treatment5.
While there have been efforts to address these challenges through traditional methodologies for
improving operations14,15,16,17, recent work demonstrates that the impact of these efforts is limited
by issues such as misalignment between digital systems and supply chain operations 18 or due to
insufficient technical expertise and infrastructure to manage complex supply chains 19.
We focus on Sierra Leone, which launched the Free Health Care Initiative (FHCI) in 2010, one of
the largest healthcare initiatives and a top priority in its post-civil war recovery20. This program
provides free medical care and products to pregnant women and children under five. However,
these essential medicines are only distributed to healthcare facilities once a quarter, which can lead
to significant shortages in one location even if there is adequate supply in other locations. Efforts
to design more adaptive supply chains have failed due to logistical challenges. For example,
inspired by The Coca-Cola Company’s highly effective supply chain, Project Last Mile (PLM) has
operated since 2018 with funding from the United States Agency for International Development
(USAID) to build software to digitize supply chain data, with the goal of supporting more frequent
and targeted restocking. However, despite operating for half a decade, their systems have been
implemented in only about 8% of facilities (15 government hospitals and 103 health facilities) as
of 2023 due to logistical challenges21,22,23.
In this context, a low-cost and promising avenue to scalably reduce shortages is to better match
limited supply with patient demand using a combination of prediction and optimization 24,25,26. In
particular, given accurate facility-level demand forecasts for a product, existing supply chain
optimization techniques27,28,29 optimize facility-level allocations to minimize unmet patient
demand.
However, accurately forecasting demand is difficult because of its high variability, both due to
demand shocks caused by natural disasters or disease outbreaks 1,5 and periodic trends caused by
seasonal diseases such as malaria. Existing strategies employed in global health contexts include
relying on historical consumption data, morbidity-based forecasting, or proxy estimates30,31;
however, these approaches tend to have limited accuracy due to demand variability. Furthermore,
due to the lack of modern computing infrastructure, decision-makers in practice rely primarily on
ad hoc manual forecasting or on Excel spreadsheets with very high forecasting errors 4,32.
Modern machine learning tools provide a promising path to improve the accuracy of demand
forecasting33. By leveraging high-dimensional covariates, they can predict complex trends in
demand that are beyond the reach of simpler methodologies. The key obstacle to realizing the
promise of these approaches is the lack of training data. What little data is available has significant
rates of missing or unreliable entries due to the same infrastructure limitations that cause
operational challenges. For instance, in Sierra Leone, the only digitized data that can be used to
train facility-level demand forecasting models is monthly consumption data recorded in the
District Health Information Software 2 (DHIS2) system (53 of the 54 countries in Africa use the
DHIS2 system34). This data has only been collected systematically across all health facilities since
2020; furthermore, it has a high rate of missing or unreliable entries. These limitations make it
difficult to train accurate predictive models based on high-dimensional covariates.
In this paper, we introduce a novel machine learning framework for constrained resource allocation
that satisfies two key criteria: (1) it makes effective use of limited and noisy historical data, and


                                                  2
(2) it is scalable and can be deployed in limited-compute environments. At a high level, our system
leverages machine learning to predict demand based on features constructed from historical data,
and then applies stochastic optimization to compute the best allocation based on this model’s
predictions. To tackle data scarcity and quality challenges, our system uses a multi-task learning
strategy to share data across different healthcare facilities 35 along with a novel decision-aware
learning algorithm36,37,38,39,40,41 that aligns the prediction loss with the downstream allocation
objective. Furthermore, it uses catalytic priors 42 with auxiliary data sources to mitigate data
inequity (i.e., where poorer facilities have lower-quality data and therefore noisier forecasts).
In close collaboration with the Sierra Leone national government, we deployed our system
nationwide as a decision support tool to improve allocation decisions for Sierra Leone’s FHCI
policy. Our system was first piloted in 5 randomly selected districts, enabling us to econometrically
evaluate our deployment. A Synthetic Difference-in-Differences analysis43 found that
consumption increased by 19% in the 5 treated districts, suggesting that our system significantly
improved patient access to essential medicines that it helped allocate. Following the pilot, our
system has been scaled nationwide, covering an estimated 2 million women and children under
five44,45. Importantly, these gains were extremely cost-effective, requiring only a $30 monthly
server fee and no additional workforce (see Supplement §2.6 for a cost-effectiveness analysis).
These results highlight how novel data-efficient machine learning can address critical challenges
in healthcare delivery in resource-constrained settings.

Essential Medicines Allocation System
Maternal mortality remains one of the most pressing global health challenges, particularly in
developing countries where access to essential health products is often limited by inefficient
allocation systems46. In Sierra Leone, despite the FHCI providing free medical care to pregnant
women and children, the maternal mortality rate stands at 717 per 100,000 live births—one of the
highest in the world47,48.
Lack of access to essential medicines is one of the key contributors to preventable maternal
deaths46. In Sierra Leone, the National Medical Supplies Agency (NMSA) (part of the Ministry of
Health and Sanitation (MoHS)) was created to manage the procurement and distribution of
medicines and medical supplies to public health facilities across the nation, including over 70
essential medicines for women and children. Supply of these medicines largely relies on donations
from international organizations. Prior to our collaboration, the NMSA distributed these medicines
across the country following a centralized two-level push system15, where the NMSA first
allocated supply to 16 districts, and the districts then allocated them to individual health facilities
in their catchment (see details in Supplement §1.3). The two-level system is for administrative
purposes only; all warehouses and health facilities are owned and operated by the NMSA.
Allocation decisions were largely made via an Excel tool; however, it was unable to capture key
demand patterns such as seasonality and other time-varying fluctuations. As a result, district
pharmacists often made significant manual adjustments because they perceived that the tool’s
estimates did not accurately reflect the actual needs of health facilities. According to NMSA
officials, approximately 42% of facility requests were unfulfilled on average.
In practice, this shortage occurred even when the total supply was adequate—some health facilities
received a surplus of medicines while others suffered shortages. (Surpluses often did not carry


                                                  3
over fully to the next quarter due to significant reported waste and expiration.) For instance, DHIS2
data showed significant heterogeneity in both stockouts and wastage—e.g., for the Tonkolili
district, in 2022 Q1, 10% of facilities that had previous stockouts continued to face supply
shortages, while 22% of facilities with available stock had excess supply that could have been
redistributed. These findings suggest more efficient allocation strategies that better match supply
and demand as a promising path to significantly reducing shortages.




Figure 1: System Overview. Every quarter, our system extracts and processes data including the total available
central stock and historical facility-level consumption records from mSupply and the DHIS2 government database. It
then trains a decision-aware prediction model that informs a stochastic optimization procedure to make allocation
decisions. The system further provides a picking list for frontline workers to collect supplies from designated
warehouses, enabling efficient distribution to local health facilities. Finally, the resulting patient consumption data is
recorded for informing predictions and decisions in subsequent quarters.

Fig. 1 illustrates the system we developed and deployed. Unlike the earlier two-level approach,
our system directly generates facility-level allocations, which are provided to district pharmacists
to support their decision-making. Our system begins by pulling monthly consumption data from
DHIS2, along with quarterly data on total central stock available for allocation and corresponding
expiry dates from the mSupply warehouse management system (see Supplement §1.1 for details).
Then, it performs significant preprocessing to ensure data reliability and construct informative
features for prediction (see Supplement §1.2 for details).
Our prediction and optimization algorithm (illustrated in the box in Fig. 1) can be divided into two
components. First, we predict the demand distribution for each facility-product pair using a novel
decision-aware machine learning framework (described in the next section). Second, given the
demand forecasts, our optimization algorithm outputs allocation decisions directly from the central
stock to individual health facilities, which are designed to minimize the expected shortage of
medicines. In particular, for each product, it aims to minimize unmet demand—the total number
of units of requested product that go unfulfilled—across facilities. To account for the stochastic


                                                            4
nature of demand, we use the expected unmet demand according to probabilistic demand forecasts.
This optimization problem can be solved efficiently via linear programming using a sample
average approximation49. Once the allocation is determined, our system assigns each batch of
supplies to a warehouse based on proximity, central stock availability, and product expiration dates
(see Supplement §1.4 for details). Finally, new patient consumption data is recorded and used to
retrain our model each quarter just before making allocation decisions.

Machine Learning for Demand Forecasting
Next, we describe our machine learning framework for predicting the demand distribution used in
our optimization algorithm. Given a training dataset constructed from historical demand data, we
could apply traditional strategies for time series forecasting such as Autoregressive Integrated
Moving Average (ARIMA)50. However, these approaches work poorly due to data scarcity—e.g.,
when we trained our model for 2023 Q2 allocations, each facility-product pair had at most 37
monthly observations (i.e., from January 2020 to January 2023).
Instead, we designed a machine learning framework that leverages three key techniques: (1) multi-
task learning to share data across facilities, (2) catalytic priors to regularize the model in data-poor
regions to mitigate data inequity, and (3) a novel decision-aware learning algorithm to focus
predictive power on facilities that are most relevant to the downstream optimization problem. We
summarize our techniques below, and provide details in Supplement §1.5.
We developed a multi-task learning strategy that trains one demand prediction model for each of
our two product types (medicines and medical supplies/equipment) across all facility-product pairs
within that group. Our multi-task learning strategy enables knowledge transfer from locations with
more available data to ones with less available data35,51,52. Specifically, our system constructs
features that facilitate generalization across facility-product pairs (e.g., average demand in the past
year), as well as features that capture trends specific to a given facility-product pair (e.g., the
facility type and location, product fixed effect). Then, it trains a random forest to predict demand
from these features. (We use a random forest since it consistently outperforms other methods; see
Supplement §1.4.)
While multi-task learning can improve performance in data-poor locations, there are still
systematic differences between data-poor and data-rich locations (e.g., missing data often arises
disproportionately in poorer regions due to staffing shortages). Such missing-not-at-random data53
can lead to covariate shift, which reduces prediction accuracy for data-poor locations. To mitigate
this data inequity, our system leverages catalytic priors 42 to regularize predictions for data-poor
locations towards a simpler, less biased population-based model. Specifically, it first uses census
and satellite data to estimate catchment population, and then estimates demand proportionally to
the catchment population. This strategy ensures complete coverage of all facilities without biases
due to low-quality data. Our system integrates this simple model as a catalytic prior for our
machine learning model, regularizing predictions for data-poor locations towards the population-
based ones.
Finally, our system leverages decision-aware learning38,39,41,54 to focus predictive power on
instances most relevant to optimizing allocation. Intuitively, not all predictions matter equally—
e.g., since our goal is to prevent unmet demand, we are primarily interested in how much we should
stock facilities that are likely to be insufficiently stocked for a particular product. Whereas a


                                                   5
standard machine learning approach would treat all facility-product pairs equally when training a
prediction model, our decision-aware learning algorithm focuses attention on facility-product pairs
deemed more important to the decision-making objective; in this case, it upweights observations
corresponding to facilities that are likely to be under-stocked. We found that existing decision-
aware learning algorithms were either computationally intractable at our scale or incompatible
with the rest of our prediction and optimization pipeline; thus, we developed a novel decision-
aware learning algorithm that could be integrated more easily. Prior to deploying our framework,
we validated it on historical data, showing that it outperformed existing approaches on a held-out
test set; see Supplement §1.4.

Deployment
In collaboration with the NMSA, in May 2023, we deployed our system in 5 of the 16 districts in
Sierra Leone to perform facility-level allocations for the second quarter (June through August).
These districts—Tonkolili, Falaba, Karene, Kono, and Pujehun (see map in Fig. 2)—were selected
by the central government based on a randomized allocation schedule. Prior to our deployment,
the government had already established both the overall supply as well as the total amounts to be
allocated to control districts. The remaining supply was then to be allocated to the treatment
districts, maintaining independence of supply quantities between the two groups. Additional
deployment details are in Supplement §2.1.
Beyond the performance of the allocation system, a critical priority was ensuring that it could be
seamlessly integrated into NMSA’s existing workflows. To this end, we conducted two targeted
training sessions for policymakers and frontline workers, providing the necessary technical
knowledge for operating our tool and understanding its implications. Implementation emphasized
stakeholder engagement at every level—outputs were presented in a familiar format that matched
pre-existing workflows and were reviewed by NMSA management as well as district
pharmaceutical managers prior to finalization.
Furthermore, our system functions as a decision support tool, where central and district-level
planners retain ultimate authority and can override the system when necessary. We found that
decision-makers closely followed the algorithmic allocations—the normalized overlap between
the actual and algorithmic allocations ranged from 0.89 to 1 (see Supplement §2.3 for details).
Given the high compliance rates, stakeholder buy-in, and early indications of improved efficiency
(detailed in the following section), the national government adopted our system and expanded its
use to all public-sector health facilities in Sierra Leone beginning in the third quarter of 2023.




                                                6
Figure 2: Map of treatment distribution in 2023 Q2. Yellow dots denote treated facilities (i.e., those in the Tonkolili,
Falaba, Karene, Kono, and Pujehun districts), and purple dots denote control facilities (i.e., those in the Kailahun,
Kenema, Bombali, Koinadugu, Kambia, Port Loko, Bo, Bonthe, Moyamba, Western Area Rural, and Western Area
Urban districts).


Evaluation
We evaluated the effectiveness of our system at improving allocation efficiency. While our
optimization objective aims to minimize unmet demand, we do not directly observe this quantity
(we only observe when patients receive medicine, not when they are turned away due to stockouts).
Instead, we examined the equivalent objective of maximizing patient consumption, which is
directly observed—since patient demand (which is fixed but unobserved) equals consumption plus
unmet demand, maximizing total consumption is equivalent to minimizing total unmet demand.
(This equivalence holds in a very general setting under the assumption that facilities do not
wastefully give away medicines to patients that do not need them, which is unlikely in such a
resource-constrained environment. We provide theoretical and empirical support for this
equivalence in Supplement §2.3.) We overview our analyses here, and provide details in
Supplement §2; our results are summarized in Fig. 3 and Table 1.
Our main analysis focuses on the second quarter of 2023 (2023 Q2), where our system was
deployed in a randomly selected subset of districts, providing natural variation that enables us to
estimate causal effects. Specifically, the NMSA performed allocation using standard procedures
for the 11 control districts, after which our system was used to distribute remaining stock across
the 5 treated districts. We show descriptive time series trends of average normalized consumption
for the treatment and control groups in Fig. 3 (left). We estimated how much our system changed
patient consumption levels in treated districts (i.e., districts where our system was deployed)
compared to what would have happened without our intervention, known as the Average
Treatment Effect on the Treated (ATT). We used a balanced panel dataset of 312 facilities in
treated districts and 746 facilities in control districts using time series data beginning in 2022 Q3
through 2023 Q3, after which our tool was used nationwide. (Prior to the implementation of the
data-driven Excel allocation tool by Crown Agents in 2022 Q3, allocation procedures were highly
inconsistent, rendering the data unreliable.)


                                                           7
Given the limited number of treated districts, we used a Synthetic Difference-in-Differences
(SynthDiD) analysis43 to analyze the impact of our deployment. SynthDiD combines the strengths
of Difference-in-Differences55 (which assumes similar trends between treated and untreated
groups in the pre-treated period) and Synthetic Controls56 (which constructs a synthetic control
group that is similar to the treated units in terms of observed characteristics and outcome trends in
the pre-treated period). SynthDiD ensures that differences between facilities in treated districts and
synthetic control facilities remain stable prior to treatment.
Fig. 3 (right) shows the corresponding time series trends for the treatment and synthetic control
groups, and results are shown in the “SynthDiD” row of Table 1. The 5 treated districts
experienced a statistically significant increase of 19% ( 𝑝 < 0.05 ) in consumption; the
improvement percentage is calculated from SynthDiD counterfactual estimates as:
                Average treatment outcome − Average counterfactual outcome
                              Average counterfactual outcome
We validated our SynthDiD approach using a standard event-study analysis57, which showed that
there are no statistically significant differences between treated and synthetic control facilities
prior to our intervention, and that the change in consumption emerged only after our system was
deployed. These results suggest that our system substantially improved access to essential
medicines in treated districts. We provide additional details on our main analysis in
Supplement §2.2.




       (a) Treatment vs Control Groups.                       (b) Treatment vs Synthetic Control Groups.
Figure 3: Average normalized consumption time trends. Panel (a) compares treatment (green) versus control
(orange) groups using raw data. Panel (b) compares treatment (green) versus synthetic control (orange) groups
constructed via SynthDiD. The 𝑥-axis shows time in quarters and the 𝑦-axis denotes average normalized consumption.
The vertical dashed line at 2023 Q1 marks the quarter immediately before deployment.

Next, we studied how these improvements were distributed; we summarize our analyses here and
provide details in Supplement §2.4. First, the NMSA seeks to prioritize larger facilities such as
hospitals, since these facilities are most relied upon to provide quality care; indeed, we found that
our system confers systematically greater benefits (36%, 𝑝 < 0.05) for larger facilities, while
preserving consumption for smaller ones. In contrast, smaller health facilities showed a smaller,


                                                        8
statistically insignificant improvement. They may face more fundamental challenges (e.g.,
inadequate staffing or equipment) that limit their ability to provide services or utilize medical
supplies regardless of availability. For instance, during a field visit, we found a small health post
closed for two consecutive days, and local residents shared that they often seek essential care at
larger, more reliable facilities.
Next, we sought to ensure our consumption gains are not concentrated among wealthier patients,
but also benefit poorer patients with the greatest need. To this end, we examined previously under-
served facilities (i.e., facilities that experienced at least one stockout in our data prior to our
deployment). We found that these facilities also saw a significant increase in consumption (32%,
𝑝 < 0.01), suggesting that our system successfully addressed potential biases from uneven data
quality and availability, leading to more equitable resource allocation. Similarly, we found that
rural facilities (which tend to serve poorer populations) benefited from our tool without
compromising urban ones.
Finally, we performed several robustness checks to validate our main results. The main checks are
described below and summarized in Table 1; Supplement §2.5 provides details as well as
additional checks. First, to ensure consistency under a simpler methodology, we performed a
standard DiD analysis, finding a consistent 21% increase in consumption (𝑝 < 0.01) (“DiD” row
in Table 1). Second, to better account for geographic factors, we performed a DiD analysis on
geographically matched facility pairs (i.e., facilities within a short distance of a district border,
which have a neighboring facility with the opposite treatment status), again yielding a consistent
21% increase in consumption (𝑝 < 0.05) (“Matching (15km)” row).
Third, we considered an alternative analysis where we compared consumption trends across
products instead of facilities; this robustness check uses a substantially different design with
additional data to build confidence in our results. In particular, we considered 26 other products
that were concurrently allocated using a different, pre-existing mechanism. The consumption
levels for these products can be used as a control group throughout our study period across all
districts in the country using a staggered treatment—i.e., an advantage of this analysis is that it can
be performed not just for the partial deployment in 2023 Q2, but also for the nationwide
implementation starting in Q3. We found a consistent, statistically significant increase in
consumption of 18% (𝑝 < 0.001) (“Alt. Control” row).
Next, a potential concern with our evaluation is due to missing data from facilities that failed to
record consumption in a particular month, which may bias our results. Our main analysis dropped
observations with missing outcomes, but we also performed robustness checks using multiple
standard imputation strategies—low-rank matrix completion58, population-based methods, and
historical average consumption. The resulting SynthDiD ATT estimates are all statistically
significant and consistent with our main analysis (“Imputation” rows). We also performed
additional tests suggesting that our results are not driven by differential missingness; see
Supplement §2.5.5 for details.
Table 1: Average Treatment Effect on the Treated (ATT). ATT estimates across different estimation strategies.
SynthDiD, our main specification, shows a 19% increase in consumption, with similar magnitudes under DiD and
several imputation approaches. Estimation using alternative control product data or geographic facility-level




                                                     9
matching across district borders also produces consistent positive effects. For stockouts as the outcome, the point
estimate is negative but statistically insignificant; this is expected since it is not our objective.

 Model                                     Coef.             Std. Error             Obs.            Improv.%
 Dependent Variable = Consumption
 SynthDiD                                  0.116*            (0.046)                5,290           19%
 DiD                                       0.128**           (0.046)                5,290           21%
 Matching (15km)                           0.121*            (0.054)                2,415           21%
 Alt. Control                              0.095***          (0.022)                10,520          18%
 Imputation (low rank)                     0.037**           (0.014)                5,455           15%
 Imputation (avg cons)                     0.067*            (0.031)                5,455           21%
 Imputation (pop)                          0.076**           (0.028)                5,455           27%
 Dependent Variable = Stockout
 SynthDiD                                  −0.280            (0.179)                5,290           −4.6% (Insig)
 Notes: *𝑝 < 0.05, ** 𝑝 < 0.01, ***𝑝 < 0.001. Standard errors in parentheses. Improvement % is relative to counterfactual mean.

Finally, we examined the impact of our system on stockouts. While reducing stockouts might seem
like a natural objective, optimizing for fewer stockouts can actually produce highly undesirable
allocations—e.g., an optimal strategy is to allocate zero supply to a small number of high-volume
facilities, thereby ensuring that the remaining facilities are well-stocked. We found a directional
reduction in stockouts but it is not statistically significant (𝑝 ≈ 0.12) (“Stockouts” rows)—i.e., our
system does not inadvertently increase stockouts.

Discussion
Our findings provide strong field evidence of the effectiveness of our novel machine learning
framework for resource allocation, significantly and equitably improving access to essential
medicines in a highly constrained environment. By replacing manual effort with data-driven
decision making, our system streamlined supply chain management, reduced administrative
burdens, and adapted to real-time changing consumption patterns, enabling facilities to better align
limited supply with patient demand. Efficient allocation becomes increasingly important as aid
becomes more constrained to ensure the limited available supply meets demand.
To ensure sustainable impact, we developed a web application with an intuitive user interface,
which is now owned by the Sierra Leone government. This system integrates with their
government databases to automate the entire process, from data extraction and processing to
generating final allocation results. Notably, it is highly cost-effective, operating without any
additional workforce requirements and costing only $30 per month nationally in server fees.
Beyond Sierra Leone, we believe our framework can be easily adapted to other contexts—by
design, it relies on commonly available data: total available central stock, monthly health facility
consumption, and stock expiry dates. This data often already exists in a unified, digitized format—
e.g., 53 (out of 54 total) African countries use DHIS234 and 16 use mSupply59. The key tasks
required would be adapting our system to local data collection systems and discussing our
optimization objective with policymakers to incorporate country-specific constraints.


                                                              10
References
1.     Yadav, P. Health product supply chains in developing countries: diagnosis of the root causes of
underperformance and an agenda for reform. Health Syst. Reform 1, 142–154 (2015).

2.     UNICEF & others. The State of the World’s Children 2015: Reimagine the Future-Innovation for
Every Child (Executive Summary). (UN, 2015).

3.     Gallien, J., Leung, N.-H. Z. & Yadav, P. Inventory policies for pharmaceutical distribution in
Zambia: Improving availability and access equity. Prod. Oper. Manag. 30, 4501–4521 (2021).

4.      Merkuryeva, G., Valberga, A. & Smirnov, A. Demand forecasting in pharmaceutical supply
chains: A case study. Procedia Comput. Sci. 149, 3–10 (2019).

5.      Yenet, A., Nibret, G. & Tegegne, B. A. Challenges to the availability and affordability of
essential medicines in African countries: a scoping review. Clin. Outcomes Res. 443–458 (2023).

6.     De Fauw, J. et al. Clinically applicable deep learning for diagnosis and referral in retinal disease.
Nat. Med. 24, 1342–1350 (2018).

7.      Esteva, A. et al. A guide to deep learning in healthcare. Nat. Med. 25, 24–29 (2019).

8.     Ngiam, K. Y. & Khor, W. Big data and machine learning algorithms for health-care delivery.
Lancet Oncol. 20, e262–e273 (2019).

9.      Bastani, H. et al. Efficient and targeted COVID-19 border testing via reinforcement learning.
Nature 599, 108–113 (2021).

10.     Yang, X. et al. A large language model for electronic health records. NPJ Digit. Med. 5, 194
(2022).

11.    Zuma, S. M. & Modiba, L. M. Challenges associated with provision of essential medicines in the
Republic of South Africa and other selected African countries. World J Pharm Res 8, 1532–1547 (2019).

12.    World Health Organization. Service Availability and Readiness Assessment (SARA): An Annual
Monitoring System for Service Delivery. (2018).

13.     Droti, B., O’Neill, K. P., Mathai, M., Dovlo, D. Y. T. & Robertson, J. Poor availability of
essential medicines for women and children threatens progress towards Sustainable Development Goal 3
in Africa. BMJ Glob. Health 4, e001306 (2019).

14.     Tetteh, E. Creating reliable pharmaceutical distribution networks and supply chains in African
countries: Implications for access to medicines. Res. Soc. Adm. Pharm. 5, 286–297 (2009).

15.   Cachon, G. & Terwiesch, C. Matching Supply with Demand: An Introduction to Operations
Management, 5e. (McGraw-Hill, 2024).

16.   Fenta, T. G. Human resources for public health supply chain management in Ethiopia:
Competency mapping and training needs. Ethiop. J. Health Dev. 31, 266–275 (2017).

17.     Johnson, A., Peter, K. & Shital, M. Inventory management practices and supply chain
performance of antiretroviral medicines in public hospitals in Nyamira County, Kenya. Rwanda J. Med.
Health Sci. 4, 257–268 (2021).




                                                     11
18.    Mwashiuya, S., Mchopa, A. D. & Shayo, F. A. Effect of Inventory Control on Medical Supply
Chain Performance: The Moderating Role of Information Technology among Medical Stores Department
Customers in Tanzania. Afr. J. Procure. Logist. Supply Chain Manag. 8, 01–14 (2025).

19.     Braa, J. & Muquinge, H. Building collaborative networks in Africa on health information systems
and open source software development-experiences from the HISP/BEANISH Network. IST Afr. 3,
(2007).

20.     Donnelly, J. How did Sierra Leone provide free health care? The Lancet 377, 1393–1396 (2011).

21.     Linnander, E. et al. Process evaluation of knowledge transfer across industries: leveraging Coca-
Cola’s supply chain expertise for medicine availability in Tanzania. PloS One 12, e0186832 (2017).

22.     Linnander, E., LaMonaca, K., Brault, M. A., Vyavahare, M. & Curry, L. A mixed methods
evaluation of a multi-country, cross-sectoral knowledge transfer partnership to improve health systems
across Africa. Int. J. Mult. Res. Approaches 10, 136–148 (2018).

23.     Project Last Mile. 2023 Annual Report. https://www.projectlastmile.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/06/2023-PLM-Annual-Report-240605s.pdf (2023).

24.    Zhu, X., Ninh, A., Zhao, H. & Liu, Z. Demand forecasting with supply-chain information and
machine learning: Evidence in the pharmaceutical industry. Prod. Oper. Manag. 30, 3231–3252 (2021).

25.     Mbonyinshuti, F., Nkurunziza, J., Niyobuhungiro, J. & Kayitare, E. The prediction of essential
medicines demand: a machine learning approach using consumption data in Rwanda. Processes 10, 26
(2021).

26.     Bastani, H., Bastani, O. & Chung, T.-H. Optimizing Health Supply Chains in LMICs with
Machine Learning: A Case Study in Sierra Leone. in Responsible and Sustainable Operations: The New
Frontier 187–202 (Springer, 2024).

27.    Bertsimas, D. & Thiele, A. A robust optimization approach to inventory theory. Oper. Res. 54,
150–168 (2006).

28.     Yang, C., Hu, Z. & Zhou, S. X. Multilocation newsvendor problem: Centralization and inventory
pooling. Manag. Sci. 67, 185–200 (2021).

29.    Aviv, Y. The effect of collaborative forecasting on supply chain performance. Manag. Sci. 47,
1326–1343 (2001).

30.     USAID, DELIVER PROJECT, Task Order 4. Quantification of Health Commodities: A Guide to
Forecasting and Supply Planning for Procurement. (USAID | DELIVER PROJECT, Task Order 4,
Arlington, Va, 2014).

31.     Reproductive and Maternal Health Services Unit, Ministry of Health. National Guidelines for
Quantification, Procurement, and Pipeline Monitoring for Family Planning Commodities in Kenya.
(Ministry of Health, Nairobi, Kenya, 2016).

32.     Fredrick, M. W. & Muturi, W. Factors influencing frequent stock-outs of essential medicines in
public health facilities in Kisii County, Kenya. IOSR J Bus. Manag 18, 63–75 (2016).

33.    Ban, G.-Y. & Rudin, C. The big data newsvendor: Practical insights from machine learning.
Oper. Res. 67, 90–108 (2019).



                                                   12
34.     HISP Centre, University of Oslo. (2025). DHIS2: Open-source health information management
platform. https://dhis2.org/

35.     Caruana, R. Multitask learning. Mach. Learn. 28, 41–75 (1997).

36.     Donti, P., Amos, B. & Kolter, J. Z. Task-based end-to-end model learning in stochastic
optimization. Adv. Neural Inf. Process. Syst. 30, (2017).

37.     Elmachtoub, A. N. & Grigas, P. Smart “predict, then optimize”. Manag. Sci. 68, 9–26 (2022).

38.     Bertsimas, D. & Kallus, N. From predictive to prescriptive analytics. Manag. Sci. 66, 1025–1044
(2020).

39.      Wilder, B., Dilkina, B. & Tambe, M. Melding the data-decisions pipeline: Decision-focused
learning for combinatorial optimization. in Proceedings of the AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence
vol. 33 1658–1665 (2019).

40.     Wang, K., Wilder, B., Perrault, A. & Tambe, M. Automatically learning compact quality-aware
surrogates for optimization problems. Adv. Neural Inf. Process. Syst. 33, 9586–9596 (2020).

41.     Shah, S., Wang, K., Wilder, B., Perrault, A. & Tambe, M. Decision-focused learning without
decision-making: Learning locally optimized decision losses. Adv. Neural Inf. Process. Syst. 35, 1320–
1332 (2022).

42.     Huang, D., Stein, N., Rubin, D. B. & Kou, S. Catalytic prior distributions with application to
generalized linear models. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. 117, 12004–12010 (2020).

43.      Arkhangelsky, D., Athey, S., Hirshberg, D. A., Imbens, G. W. & Wager, S. Synthetic difference-
in-differences. Am. Econ. Rev. 111, 4088–4118 (2021).

44.     World Bank. Crude birth rate (per 1,000 people) - Sierra Leone. (2025).

45.     UNICEF. Sierra Leone: Demographics, Health & Infant Mortality — Country Profile. (2025).

46.    Souza, J. P. et al. A global analysis of the determinants of maternal health and transitions in
maternal mortality. Lancet Glob. Health 12, e306–e316 (2024).

47.     World Health Organization. Maternal Mortality: Fact Sheet. (2024).

48.      Shafiq, Y. et al. Causes of maternal deaths in Sierra Leone from 2016 to 2019: analysis of
districts’ maternal death surveillance and response data. BMJ Open 14, e076256 (2024).

49.    Birge, J. R. & Louveaux, F. Introduction to Stochastic Programming. (Springer Science &
Business Media, 2011).

50.     Gilbert, K. An ARIMA supply chain model. Manag. Sci. 51, 305–310 (2005).

51.    Bastani, H. Predicting with proxies: Transfer learning in high dimension. Manag. Sci. 67, 2964–
2984 (2021).

52.     Xu, K. & Bastani, H. Multitask learning and bandits via robust statistics. Manag. Sci. (2025).

53.     Rubin, D. B. Inference and missing data. Biometrika 63, 581–592 (1976).

54.     Kallus, N. & Mao, X. Stochastic optimization forests. Manag. Sci. (2022).


                                                    13
55.     Card, D. & Krueger, A. B. Minimum wages and employment: A case study of the fast food
industry in New Jersey and Pennsylvania. (1993).

56.      Abadie, A., Diamond, A. & Hainmueller, J. Synthetic control methods for comparative case
studies: Estimating the effect of California’s tobacco control program. J. Am. Stat. Assoc. 105, 493–505
(2010).

57.     Clarke, D., Pailañir, D., Athey, S. & Imbens, G. Synthetic Difference In Differences Estimation.
(2023).

58.    Candes, E. & Recht, B. Exact matrix completion via convex optimization. Commun. ACM 55,
111–119 (2012).

59.     mSupply Foundation. (2024). mSupply: Logistics management information system for health
supply chains. https://www.msupply.org.nz/




                                                   14
End Notes
Acknowledgments. We are grateful for the close partnership offered by the Sierra Leone
Ministry of Health and Sanitation and the National Medical Supplies Agency; this partnership
stemmed from an earlier collaboration with Macro-Eyes and its team members (Lydia Bernard-
Jones, Benjamin Fels, Rene Ishiwe, Musa Komeh, Vahid Rostami, Ashley Schmidt, and Suvrit
Sra). We acknowledge invaluable research assistance from our team of RAs (Allan Zhang,
Cheng-Ying Wu, Norris Chen, Bahati Tadjuidje Boniface, and Hingis Chiao-Hsin Chang). This
draft benefited greatly from critical feedback from an excellent review team and editor, as well
as helpful comments from Gad Allon, Alison Buttenheim, Gerard Cachon, Vishal Gupta, Harsha
Thirumurthy, Kai Wang, Prashant Yadav, and participants at various conferences.


Funding. This research was supported by generous funding from the Wharton AI & Analytics
Initiative, Wharton Global Initiatives, and the Wharton Mack Institute for Innovation
Management.


Author Contributions. HB, OB, and AC contributed to the design and methodology of the
research and to the writing of the manuscript. AC analyzed the results, supervised by HB and
OB. AC, PB, JA, LS, and FS contributed to the implementation of the research.

Competing Interests. There are no competing interests to declare.


Ethics & Inclusion Statement. This research was conducted in close partnership with the Sierra
Leone Ministry of Health and Sanitation (MoHS) and the National Medical Supplies Agency
(NMSA), subject to a data-sharing Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) and a formal
Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Government of Sierra Leone. The MoHS and
NMSA oversaw the system’s deployment and integration into national workflows. We
collaborated closely with policymakers and frontline personnel, conducted training sessions, and
aligned our approach with existing government systems and priorities. Roles and responsibilities
were clearly defined in advance, and system ownership was transferred to the government after
nationwide deployment.


Data and Code Availability
Data Availability. To support further research, anonymized evaluation data and documentation are
available at https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.h9w0vt4tw; data used for machine learning experiment are
available here: https://github.com/Angel-Chung/AllocMedSL-DAwareML. WorldPop Global Project
Population Data, the global friction surface dataset (Oxford/MAP/friction_surface_2019), and satellite
imagery are publicly accessible through Google Earth https://earthengine.google.com.

Code Availability. All code used in this paper was written in Python 3.9 and R (version 4.2.1).
The code for reproducing our econometric evaluation results is available at


                                                   15
https://github.com/Angel-Chung/AllocMedSL_Eval, and the code for reproducing our pre-
deployment simulation experiments is available at https://github.com/Angel-
Chung/AllocMedSL-DAwareML.




                                            16
                           Supplementary Information
    §1 describes the data and methods supporting the design of our allocation system; §2

describes the deployment of our system and the empirical evaluation of its effectiveness.
1      Data and Methods

First, we outline our data sources (§1.1) and detail how we processed the raw data for training our

machine learning model and our evaluation (§1.2). Second, we review the allocation mechanism
used in Sierra Leone prior to adopting our approach (§1.3). Then, we formalize resource
allocation as an optimization problem (§1.4). Finally, we present our end-to-end machine

learning pipeline for demand estimation and decision-aware allocation (§1.5), which spans:

      • Multi-Task Learning (§1.5.1): We exploited cross-facility and cross-product patterns to
        improve predictive accuracy with limited data.

      • Catalytic Priors (§1.5.2): We constructed catalytic priors from population estimates to
        address data quality issues such as censoring and missing values.

      • Decision-Aware Learning (§1.5.3): We proposed a novel method for re-weighting training

        data to align the prediction objective with the downstream optimization objective, thus
        shifting the focus from prediction accuracy to improving public health.

1.1     Datasets

List of public health facilities. We obtained information on the ID, latitude, longitude, and
type of public health facilities in Sierra Leone (60); this data was cross-verified with frontline

staff at the National Medical Supplies Agency (NMSA).


Consumption data. We constructed outcomes and features for demand prediction based on
data extracted from the District Health Information Software 2 (DHIS2) used by Sierra Leone

                                                1
Ministry of Health and Sanitation (MoHS) to collect and manage health data. The country
transitioned from paper-based to electronic reporting of health data in public health facilities in

2019 (61). We extracted monthly facility-level data on consumption, opening balance, closing
balance, and stockouts of 62 medicines and medical supplies across all the public health facilities
from January 2020 to November 2023. 36 of these products were allocated via our tool (see

Table SI 10) and the remaining 26 were allocated via existing mechanisms (see Table SI 11);
the latter was either because the allocation for these products was controlled by an external
third party, or because there was too little historical data to use our system. Data from products

allocated via existing mechanisms was used only to support our multi-task prediction model, and
for the robustness check of our main analysis using product-level controls (“Alt. Control”).


Supply data.       We collected expiry dates1 and available supply of all medicines and medical
supplies per quarter from mSupply (59), a pharmaceutical logistics and warehouse management
system used in Sierra Leone (and over 40 other countries). Prior to each allocation quarter, local

staff are required to conduct central stock counts and record the information in mSupply. In
addition, we used invoice records from the mSupply system to determine the stock received by
each public health facility to evaluate compliance for district-level allocations.


Catchment population. Estimating granular population is particularly challenging in develop-
ing countries. To address this challenge, we leveraged multiple publicly available datasets to

estimate each health facility’s catchment population (i.e., the number of people each health facil-
ity is expected to serve): the WorldPop Global Project Population Data (62), the global friction
surface dataset (Oxford/MAP/friction_surface_2019) from Google Earth (63), and

satellite imagery (64) also accessed through Google Earth. We used this data to create population
  1
    In line with the NMSA’s existing practice, we prioritized allocating near-expiry products to larger districts,
where higher consumption minimizes waste by ensuring supplies are used up prior to expiration.



                                                        2
estimates for our catalytic priors (see §1.5.2).

1.2    Data Processing

Training data for demand prediction model.             The data for training our demand prediction
model is derived from the historical consumption data extracted from DHIS2. We used this time
                                          ∗
series data to construct both the demand ξt,n in the current period t for facility n that we are trying
to predict as well as the features xt,n for prediction. For example, we constructed facility-specific

features, including: consumption, product, facility ID, facility type, latitude and longitude of
the facility’s geo-location, district, average consumption of the product for the facility in the
past {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6} months, standard deviation of the consumption in the past 3 and 6 months,

total sample size for the facility-product pair, year, month, average consumption of the product
across facilities in the past {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10} months. These features were determined based
on domain knowledge and feature engineering.

   This data can sometimes be unreliable due to random or inconsistent data entry at individual
facilities, requiring careful preprocessing. First, we excluded any observations where the inflow
and outflow are inconsistent—i.e.,


      Closing Balance

      ̸= Opening Balance + Quantity Received − Quantity Dispensed + Adjustment/Loss

Second, we removed observations where all recorded quantities were zero, since this likely

indicates the use of a default value. Third, we excluded extreme outliers—specifically, the top
and bottom 5% of values, to mitigate the impact of potential data entry errors.
   One major challenge is that we only observe consumption, which does not equal demand

when there is a stockout; this issue is called demand censoring (65). To ensure we are predicting
actual demand, we used a standard strategy where we dropped censored observations (66). In


                                                   3
                                       ∗
particular, when constructing (xt,n , ξt,n ) pairs for training, we only included observations where
                                                                                         ∗
no stockout occurred; then, consumption is equal to the demand, so we can take it to be ξt,n .

One limitation of this strategy is that it introduces covariate shift, since there may be systematic
differences between time periods/facilities where stockouts occur and those where they do not
occur. Covariate shift has the potential to degrade performance of the model compared to what is

expected based on test set evaluation. Thus, we used unbiased population-based models that do
not suffer from censoring as a catalytic prior when training our predictive models to mitigate this
covariate shift (see §1.5.2).


Panel data for evaluation. Our econometric evaluation uses the same historical DHIS2 data
as above. In this case, the main preprocessing we performed is to remove unreliable data—i.e.,

excluding any observations where the inflow and outflow are inconsistent and removing observa-
tions where all recorded quantities were zero, as described above. Importantly, our evaluation is
performed using consumption outcomes, which are not affected by demand censoring (we also

perform a number of checks to ensure robustness to data missingness; see §2.6). As we show in
§2.3, increasing consumption is mathematically equivalent to reducing unmet demand.
   We used data from 2022 Q3 to 2023 Q3. We started in 2022 Q3 since this was the quarter

when the NMSA began using a standardized, data-driven Excel allocation tool by Crown
Agents; prior to this quarter, allocation procedures were inconsistent, which can prevent reliable
counterfactual estimation. We constructed a balanced panel dataset with 1,058 facilities for

evaluation.
   The scale of quarterly consumption at each facility depends on the type and size of the
facility’s catchment population. To account for these differences, we normalized each product’s

consumption at the facility level by subtracting the mean consumption of that product across all




                                                 4
facilities and dividing by the standard deviation:

                                            Consumptionn,m − MeanConsumptionm
           NormalizedConsumptionn,m =                                         ,
                                                     StdConsumptionm

where n represents the facility, m represents the product, MeanConsumptionm is the average
consumption of product m across facilities, and StdConsumptionm is the standard deviation of

product m across facilities. For each facility in each quarter, we then calculated the average
normalized consumption that is available at that facility as:
                                              P
                                                     m∈AvailableProductsn NormalizedConsumptionn,m
FacilityAverageNormalizedConsumptionn =                                                              .
                                                                AvailableProductsn

Typically, this sum is only over the products that we allocated via our tool (except in our
staggered SynthDiD approach, where we compared average normalized consumption of products

we allocated vs. products we did not allocate). This approach ensures that the facility-level
average consumption reflects the relative performance across products while accounting for the
variability in the consumption level of different products. We show the time series trends of

average normalized consumption for treatment vs. control groups in Fig. 3a in the main paper;
these raw data trends qualitatively support our main findings in the paper.

1.3    Existing Allocation Approach

Each quarter, the National Medical Supplies Agency (NMSA) of Sierra Leone allocates approx-

imately 70-100 free healthcare products specifically for women and children under five years
old, with supply primarily dependent on international donations. Our system focuses exclusively
on allocating these products. Notably, the National Medical Supplies Agency (NMSA) Act of

2017 establishes the NMSA as the sole entity responsible for the procurement and distribution of
these products to all public health institutions (67). Public facilities are the only source where
patients can obtain these specific medications for free. While private providers may exist, they


                                                5
are not part of this supply chain, and a majority of patients are unlikely to purchase expensive
drugs that are available for free. Thus, efficient allocation is critical for equitable access.

    The distribution of central stock to facilities occurs quarterly based on a centralized two-stage
push system (15), where supplies move from the central government to districts, and then to local
health facilities. We focused on a subset of 36 products that are regularly distributed—chosen in

collaboration with NMSA officials prior to our deployment—ensuring sufficient historical data
for model training.
    Until the deployment of our tool in 2023 Q2, the process of computing the allocation of

central stock to each health facility relied primarily on a complex Excel tool. An important aspect
was organizing health facilities into three administrative categories: District Medical Stores
(DMS), District Hospitals (DH), and Western Area Hospitals (WAH). The DMS includes four

facility types: Community Health Centers (CHC), Community Health Posts (CHP), Maternal
and Child Health Posts (MCHP), and Clinics. Prior to each allocation cycle, all public health
facilities submit requests based on their recent three-month rolling average of consumption.

Workers can provide this information based on DHIS2, mSupply, or their professional judgment.
    Upon receiving all facility requests, the NMSA implements a structured allocation process.
First, the NMSA determines the distribution proportions among the three primary healthcare

facility categories, typically 70% of total stock to DMS across 16 districts, 15% to DH, and
15% to WAH. Following this initial distribution, each district receives a specific allocation based
on multiple criteria, including district population, poverty levels, product types, and submitted

requests. For example, if a DMS in a particular district is allocated 10% of the DMS share, it
receives a quantity calculated as


                             total available central stock × 0.7 × 0.1.

In cases where central stock remains after the initial distribution and requests remain partially


                                                  6
fulfilled, the NMSA makes further allocations based on the unfulfilled requests.
   Once the allocations have been finalized, the distribution process follows a two-tier delivery

system. The NMSA executes the “first mile” delivery to all districts, after which each district
manages the “last mile” distribution to individual health facilities under the NMSA’s guidance
and supervision.

   Our system was designed to address several limitations of this Excel-based approach. Most
importantly, the existing approach predicted demand based on the average demand over the
previous three months; while this strategy is standard, it fails to capture shifts in demand due to

seasonal fluctuations or demand spikes due to natural disasters or disease outbreaks. Our system
achieves better demand forecasting through a combination of multi-task learning, catalytic priors,
and decision-aware learning; in addition, it also significantly automates and improves the data

processing pipeline. The Excel tool relied on manually collecting requests at the district level;
however, due to tight timelines for making allocation decisions, the government often used out-
dated records instead. Our system also performs systematic data validation to identify potentially

erroneous entries such as unexpectedly large numbers of zeros or inconsistencies in stock balance
calculations. Finally, our system incorporates stock expiry dates into allocation decisions, which
prioritizes sending near-expiring products to larger facilities with more consistent demand to

minimize waste.

1.4    Supply Chain Optimization Algorithm

We designed an optimization algorithm to allocate limited medical resources to health facilities
to minimize total unmet demand, defined as the total number of units of requested product that

goes unfulfilled. The unmet demand objective is aligned with the goals of NMSA policymakers
since it reflects the quality of care provision and directly affects patient outcomes, particularly in
regions with limited access to alternative care options.


                                                  7
   Our system optimizes the allocation of each product separately. There is a fixed total available
central stock b ∈ R (which we refer to as the budget) to be distributed across N ∈ N facilities.

Each facility n ∈ [N ] has an estimated demand Ξn , where Ξ ∈ RN is a real-valued random
vector with an estimated distribution PΞ . We denote the allocation decision and facility stock on
hand as a ∈ RN and s ∈ RN , respectively, where an is the allocation intended for facility n and

sn is the stock on hand at each facility n. Demand Ξn , allocation an , and facility stock sn are all
measured in units of product. Then, the expected unmet demand measures the amount of unmet
demand on average across facilities and over Ξ:
                                                           
                                   X
                            EΞ        max{Ξn − an − sn , 0} .                                   (1)
                                    n∈[N ]


If the budget b is very large, we can choose all an sufficiently high to ensure that our objective is
minimized at approximately 0. If the budget b is very low compared to the total excess demand
P
  n∈[N ] (Ξn − sn ), then most facilities will suffer stockouts, and we cannot do much better than
P
  n∈[N ] (Ξn − sn ) − b. However, we found that the budget is often on the order of the total excess
                    P
demand (i.e., b ≈ n∈[N ] (Ξn − sn )), potentially because the budget is adjusted over time to meet
demand. In this case, many facilities are both over- and under-stocked; therefore, minimizing

the objective requires setting the allocations an to be as close to the excess demand Ξn − sn as
possible.
   We focused on allocating over a single period instead of multi-period allocation. This is

because we found that forecasting demand beyond one quarter is far too noisy to be of value.


Optimization strategy.      When Ξ is constant, the optimal policy can be straightforwardly

expressed as a linear program. To account for the uncertainty in Ξ, we use sample average
approximation (SAA), which takes K demand samples from the estimated demand distribution
ξ (k) ∼ PΞ (for k ∈ [K]), and then optimizes the objective on average across these samples. The


                                                 8
resulting optimization problem is
                                    K     N
                   ∗         1 X X (k)
                 a = arg min         cn                                                          (2)
                      a∈RN K k=1 n=1

                       subj. to   c(k)  (k)
                                   n ≥ ξn − an − sn ,       ∀k ∈ [K], ∀n ∈ [N ],

                                  c(k)
                                   n ≥ 0,      ∀k ∈ [K], ∀n ∈ [N ],

                                  an ≥ 0,     ∀n ∈ [N ],
                                  N
                                  X
                                        an ≤ b.
                                  n=1

                                                      (k)
   where vector inequalities are element-wise, cn denotes the unmet demand for facility n in
                                                                      (k)        (k)
sample k, and b is the budget. The first two constraints ensure cn = max{ξn − an − sn , 0},
with one of these constraints necessarily binding to minimize the objective. The last constraint
ensures the total allocation does not exceed the budget.


Warehouse matching. Based on the final allocation generated by our system, we determined
the specific inventory in warehouses that should be shipped to each facility. In line with Sierra
Leone Ministry of Health’s Free Healthcare Initiative policy, we preferentially allocated faster-

expiring stock to higher-volume facilities where it is more likely to be used prior to expiration.
In particular, for each product, we first ranked the stock based on time to expiration. Then, we
iterated through facilities based on a ranking provided by the NMSA (typically, facilities with

larger catchment populations are ranked higher). For each facility, we allocated stock that has the
earliest expiry date across all warehouses, continuing until the facility’s allocation is fully met.

1.5    Machine Learning Framework

We present our machine learning framework for demand forecasting. Our system trains a random
forest using multi-task learning and catalytic priors; to do so, it uses a novel decision-aware
learning approach to better align predictions with the downstream optimization loss.

                                                  9
1.5.1   Multi-Task Learning

A common approach for demand estimation in supply chain management and global health is
to fit a distribution to historical consumption patterns, e.g., one could estimate the mean and

variance of each facility-product pair separately based on its historical data. Except where
otherwise noted, we elide the product from our notation; our algorithm applies the procedure we
describe to train one model per product category (specifically, one for medicines and one for

medical supplies) and uses it to generate predictions for each product. Mathematically, it can be
viewed as solving the following maximum likelihood problem:
                                              N
                                            T X
                                            X
                                                              ∗
                             ℓ̃(µ, σ) = −             log N (ξt,n ; µn , σn2 ),
                                            t=1 n=1

where N (x; µn , σn2 ) is the Gaussian probability density function in x with mean µn and standard
deviation σn and ℓ̃(µ, σ) is the negative log-likelihood. This objective ℓ̃ decomposes across
facilities n ∈ [N ], and the solution for a given n is the empirical mean and variance. However,

this strategy cannot learn dynamic patterns such as seasonal effects or demand that is elevated for
a period of time (e.g., due to an outbreak). Time series models like ARIMA are also infeasible
due to the limited number of observations we have for each facility-product pair—rather, we

must leverage cross-facility and cross-product correlations.
   Multi-task learning allows us to train a single model on multiple interrelated tasks (i.e., the
different facility-product pairs). By aggregating data and transferring knowledge across related

tasks, multi-task learning increases the effective sample size for each task (35). Intuitively,
demand may exhibit similar patterns across different facilities (e.g., seasonal trends, regional
trends), and training a single model enables trends observed in a large fraction of facilities

to be extended to other facilities for which data may be more scarce. Consider the following
hypothetical example: suppose that the model observes a rise in demand for antimalarial
medicines during the rainy season at several data-rich rural clinics; then, it can apply this pattern

                                                 10
to other rural clinics for which there is insufficient data to identify this pattern. Thus, patterns
in one facility directly inform predictions for other facilities, increasing the overall prediction

accuracy with limited data.
    In more detail, we first categorized all products into two types (medicines or medical
supplies/equipment, as shown in Tables SI 10 & SI 11); we trained separate predictive models
                                                                 ∗
for these two categories. We associated each demand observation ξt,n with a covariate vector
xt,n ∈ Rd , which consists of features constructed from (1) the facility n, (2) the time step t, and
                                                     ∗        ∗               ∗
(3) the historical demand over the k previous steps ξt−k,n , ξt−k+1,n , ..., ξt−1,n (it also includes

features of the product being allocated), based on domain knowledge from consultations with
local medical experts and policy makers along with extensive feature engineering. Specifically,
our prediction model uses the following covariates: consumption, product, facility ID, facility

type, latitude and longitude of the facility’s geo-location, district, average consumption of the
product for the facility in the past {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6} months, standard deviation of the consumption
in the past 3 and 6 months, total sample size for the facility-product pair, year, month, average

consumption of the product across facilities in the past {1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10} months.
    Then, for each category (medicines or medical supply/equipment), we trained a single model
                                   ∗
on the resulting dataset {(xt,n , ξt,n )}t∈[T ],n∈[N ] . In particular, we aimed to train predictors µθ (x)

and σθ (x) for the mean and standard deviation, respectively, where θ ∈ Θ are the parameters,
using the following objective:
                                       N
                                     T X
                                     X
                                                       ∗
                         ℓ̃(θ) = −             log N (ξt,n ; µθ (xt,n ), σθ (xt,n )2 ).                (3)
                                     t=1 n=1

In practice, we found that the following strategy works well. First, we used a random forest to fit
the mean µθ (xt,n ), assuming the variance is constant. Then, we fit σθ (xt,n ) based only on the

historical data for the facility n and the current product in question.
    To evaluate our multi-task learning strategy, we compared to two techniques that do not use


                                                     11
multi-task learning. First, we considered the 3-month rolling average, which is the prediction
strategy used by the existing Excel tool and more broadly is a common strategy for demand

forecasting in LMICs (30, 31). Second, we compared to a standard distribution modeling
approach, where we fit a demand distribution for each facility-product pair based only on
historical data from that facility-product pair. We examined the fit of 46 well-known candidate

distributions (e.g., normal, beta, gamma, exponential) and chose the Nakagami distribution as the
one that best minimized the sum of squared errors between the fitted probability density function
(PDF) and a histogram of the historical data.

   We also compared to two other standard model families, LASSO regression and neural
networks (NN), trained using the same multi-task learning pipeline as our random forest. In
this comparison, we focused on evaluating the mean squared error (MSE) of µθ , since we fit σθ

separately. Results are shown in Fig. SI 1; as can be seen, random forests consistently achieved
lower MSE across representative products on a held-out test set.

1.5.2   Catalytic Priors

We implemented catalytic priors (42) as a safeguard to improve our model’s robustness to

inequities in data quality (arising from missing data or censoring). Oftentimes, low quality data
come from poorer districts—thus, a model trained only on the available data may be biased
in poorer districts, which may create unintentional disparities in predictive performance and

downstream resource allocation.
   A natural strategy for mitigating such bias is to incorporate auxiliary data sources that are less
likely to suffer from bias. For example, in public health, a standard approach is population-based

resource allocation (PBRA), which uses population estimates to guide proportional resource
allocation needs (68). Although population-based prediction is noisier (i.e., higher variance)
because it cannot capture time-dependent patterns (e.g., seasonality of demand), it is less biased


                                                12
                                  Amoxicillin                 Depo−Provera                             Jadelle                  Magnesium Sulphate
                       744,309                        1,042                                627                          1,089
                       700,000
  Mean Squared Error




                       600,000
                       500,000
                                                       600                                 350
                       400,000
                                                       500                                 300
                       300,000                         400                                 250
                                                       300                                 200
                       200,000                                                                                           300
                                                                                           150
                                                       200                                 100                           200
                       100,000
                                                       100                                  50                           100
                            0                            0                                   0                             0
                                      g




                                                                  g




                                                                                                      g




                                                                                                                                     g
                              LA t.




                                                          LA t.




                                                                                              LA t.




                                                                                                                             LA t.
                             3m RF




                                     O

                                                 N




                                                         3m RF




                                                                 O

                                                                          N




                                                                                             3m RF




                                                                                                     O

                                                                                                                  N




                                                                                                                            3m RF




                                                                                                                                    O

                                                                                                                                               N
                                  Av




                                                              Av




                                                                                                  Av




                                                                                                                                 Av
                                   is




                                                               is




                                                                                                   is




                                                                                                                                  is
                                                N




                                                                         N




                                                                                                                 N




                                                                                                                                              N
                                 SS




                                                             SS




                                                                                                 SS




                                                                                                                                SS
                                 D




                                                             D




                                                                                                 D




                                                                                                                                D
                               th




                                                           th




                                                                                               th




                                                                                                                              th
         0




                                 Microgynon 30                    ORS                             Oxytocin 10IU                        Zinc
                         1,281                       25,757                               1,462                       363,948
  Mean Squared Error




                                                                                                                      300,000
                                                                                          1,000                       250,000
                          800
                                                     14,000                                800                        200,000
                          600                        12,000
                                                     10,000                                600                        150,000
                          400                         8,000
                                                                                           400                        100,000
                                                      6,000
                          200                         4,000                                200                         50,000
                                                      2,000
                            0                             0                                  0                             0
                                      g




                                                                  g




                                                                                                      g




                                                                                                                                     g
                              LA t.




                                                          LA t.




                                                                                              LA t.




                                                                                                                             LA t.
                             3m RF




                                     O

                                                 N




                                                         3m RF




                                                                 O

                                                                             N




                                                                                             3m RF




                                                                                                     O

                                                                                                                  N




                                                                                                                            3m RF




                                                                                                                                    O

                                                                                                                                               N
                                  Av




                                                              Av




                                                                                                  Av




                                                                                                                                 Av
                                   is




                                                               is




                                                                                                   is




                                                                                                                                  is
                                                N




                                                                         N




                                                                                                                 N




                                                                                                                                              N
                                 SS




                                                             SS




                                                                                                 SS




                                                                                                                                SS
                                 D




                                                             D




                                                                                                 D




                                                                                                                                D
                               th




                                                           th




                                                                                               th




                                                                                                                              th
                                                                  3mth Avg        LASSO           RF
                                      Dist. between
Figure SI 1: Prediction error comparison        NN  different model families. Random forests
                                                                                      0




(RF) yield the smallest prediction error for representative essential medicines chosen by the
NMSA, compared to using a rolling 3-month average (3mth Avg), distribution modeling (Dist.)
described in §1.5.1, LASSO regression (LASSO), and neural networks (NN).



since the observations do not suffer from nonrandom missingness or censoring. Catalytic
priors (42) allow us to suitably trade off bias and variance by regularizing our random forest with

the simpler but less biased population-based model, which predicts demand only based on an
estimate of the at-risk population in the catchment of a health facility.
                                                                                          0
             For a given product, denote the prediction of the population-based model by ξt,n = µC (pn ) =

r · C · pn , where pn is our estimated population in the catchment of facility n; r ∈ R is an
estimated multiplier derived from census data to account for the at-risk population (defined by
the percentage of women and children in a given area); and C ∈ R is a single product-specific

parameter estimated from our historical data (i.e., the average quarterly demand per unit of
at-risk population). The catchment population pn served by each health facility is not readily



                                                                                 13
available, so we estimated it as follows:

   1. First, we collected data on geographic coordinates of health facilities in Sierra Leone

         from several sources, including Google Maps and Geo-Referenced Infrastructure and
         Demographic Data for Development (GRID3) (60).

   2. Next, we used Google Earth engine’s satellite imagery datasets to compute the normalized
         difference vegetation index (NDVI) on a 10km×10km patch around each facility at

         monthly resolution between January 2022 and December 2022. NDVI serves as a proxy
         for vegetation density, which can indicate human activity.2

   3. Then we used “friction surface” data from Google Earth (63) to obtain the travel time
         between every facility and pixel of the area with potential human activity. This allows us

         to define the catchment area based on minimal travel time.

   4. Finally, we estimated pn for health facility n by using data from WorldPop (62), which
         provides population count estimates for each 100m×100m grid cell.

We estimated r, the proportion of women and children, using 2015 Sierra Leone Census data (69)

at the chiefdom level.3
       Then, we followed (42), generating synthetic observations from µC to act as a Bayesian
prior for our random forest. In particular, we used µC to construct a single synthetic example

(xt,n , µC (pn )) for each facility n ∈ [N ] and time period t ∈ [T ]. We then trained µθ̂ on a
weighted combination of the original dataset and this synthetic dataset. Intuitively, the synthetic
dataset regularizes µθ̂ towards a stable estimate µC in data-poor regions of the covariate space.
   2
      NDVI is derived from satellite images using the formula: NDVI = (NIR − red)/(NIR + red). Since vege-
tation reflects light in the near-infrared (NIR) spectrum and absorbs light in the red spectrum, areas with higher
photosynthesis activity exhibit larger NDVI values.
    3
      Chiefdoms are a more granular administrative unit than districts; there are 190 chiefdoms in Sierra Leone. We
further verified these estimates using data from the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian
Affairs (OCHA) (70)

                                                       14
1.5.3   Decision-Aware Learning

The next step is to incorporate our predictions into the optimization model to generate allocation
decisions. However, the model is usually trained to forecast demand using a standard objective

such as mean-squared error (MSE), which focuses on minimizing prediction error and ignores
the decision error in the downstream optimization problem, making it decision-blind. This can
result in poor performance since it may not focus the capacity of the machine learning model on

predictions that are actually relevant to making decisions (37, 38).
   Recent work has proposed algorithms that incorporate the downstream optimization objective
as a decision loss in the training algorithm (38, 71). We found that existing decision-aware

learning algorithms were either computationally intractable at our scale or incompatible with the
rest of our prediction and optimization pipeline. Thus, we developed a novel and light-weight
decision-aware learning approach; it relies only on re-weighting observations in model training,

which can be easily integrated with existing data pipelines.
   In our setting, the decision loss is

                                        ℓ(µ̂; µ∗ ) = L(a∗ (µ̂), µ∗ ),

where
                                  N
                                  X
                     L(a; µ) =          EΞn ∼N (µn ,σ2 ) [max{Ξn − an − sn , 0}] ,
                                  n=1

is the unmet demand for allocation a ∈ RN assuming the true demand for facility n ∈ [N ]
is N (µn , σ 2 ) (recall that for training the random forest, we have assumed that the standard
deviation is a fixed value σ), and where

                           a∗ (µ) = arg min L(a; µ)
                                             a∈RN
                                                                 N
                                                                 X
                           s.t.   an ≥ 0       (∀n ∈ [N ]),             an ≤ b.
                                                                 n=1


                                                     15
   is the optimal allocation assuming the demand distributions for n ∈ [N ] is N (µn , σ 2 ). In
other words, the decision loss is the expected unmet demand incurred when using the predictions

µ̂ in our optimization problem. To address objective mismatch, we could train µθ to directly
minimize the decision loss:
                                               N
                                             T X
                                             X
                              θ̂ = arg min             ℓ(µθ (xt,n ); µ∗t,n ).
                                      θ∈Θ    t=1 n=1

Algorithms for doing so have been proposed in the setting of linear regression (37), and in the
more general setting of differentiable model families by taking gradients through the optimization

problem (39, 40). However, existing techniques are often limited to specific prediction setups or
become computationally intractable for large-scale problems (39, 40, 54).
   Our strategy is to Taylor expand the optimal decision loss, which we will show can be

interpreted as up-weighting data more relevant to the downstream optimization problem. This
approach can also be easily integrated with existing pipelines and is flexible enough to handle
a broad range of model families. In particular, we approximated the decision loss by Taylor

expanding it around µ̂ − µ0 (where µ0 is the current prediction and µ̂ = fθ (x)), yielding

           L(a∗ (µ̂); µ∗ ) ≈ L(a∗ (µ0 ); µ∗ ) + ∇a L(a∗ (µ0 ); µ∗ )⊤ ∇µ a∗ (µ0 )⊤ (µ̂ − µ0 ).   (4)


Since the first term is a constant, we can ignore it; in particular, we have

                  ℓ(µ̂; µ∗ ) ≈ ∇a L(a∗ (µ0 ); µ∗ )⊤ ∇µ a∗ (µ0 )⊤ (µ̂ − µ0 ) + const

                            = ∇a L(a∗ (µ0 ); µ∗ )⊤ ∇µ a∗ (µ0 )⊤ (µ̂ − µ∗ ) + const.


Here, we have replaced µ0 with µ∗ ; since both of these are constants, it does not affect the
optimal solution. With this replacement, we can upper bound the term by its absolute value to




                                                  16
avoid “overshooting” ξ ∗ , resulting in a weighted absolute error loss:
                                          N
                                        T X
                                        X
                               ∗
                        ℓ(µ̂; µ ) =               wt,n (µ̂t,n − µ∗t,n ) + const
                                        t=1 n=1
                                        XT X N
                                   ≤              |wt,n | · |µ̂t,n − µ∗t,n | + const,
                                        t=1 n=1

where

                            wt,n = ∇µ a∗ (µ0 )⊤ ∇a L(a∗ (µ0 ); µ∗ ) t,n
                                                                   


Our algorithm uses this upper bound as the loss function, which works with any standard machine
learning algorithm that can take weighted examples. In particular, we trained our random forest

to minimize this loss on the training data:
                                            N
                                          T X
                                          X
                                                                              ∗
                          θ̂ = arg min               |wt,n | · |µθ (xt,n ) − ξt,n |.
                                    θ      t=1 n=1
                                                               ∗
Note that we do not observe the true demand µ∗t,n , so we use ξt,n as an estimate. Finally, as a

heuristic, we replaced the absolute error with the squared error, which is more computationally
efficient.
    An important insight here is that the weight can be interpreted as re-weighting training

examples. The wn can be decomposed as two gradients, and this can be computed numerically
efficiently for a general class of convex programs (72). In our case, we derived the weights
analytically by solving the optimization problem:
                                        N
                                        X
                    ∗
                  a (µ) = arg min             EΞn ∼N (µn ,σ2 ) [max{Ξn − an − sn , 0}]
                             a∈RN       n=1
                                                                     N
                                                                     X
                           subj. to      an ≥ 0 (∀n ∈ [N ]),               an ≤ b.
                                                                     n=1

    Letting Ξn = µn + ηn , where ηn ∼ N (0, σ 2 ) i.i.d., we can form the Lagrangian:
                 N                                                    N
                                                                           !     N
                X                                                    X          X
      L(a, λ) =     Eηn [max{µn + ηn − an − sn , 0}] + λ0 b −            an −       λn an .
                  n=1                                                           n=1      n=1


                                                     17
The KKT conditions are

         0 = ∇an L(a∗ (µ), λ∗ (µ)) = −Pηn [a∗n (µ) ≤ µn + ηn − sn ] + λ∗0 (µ) − λ∗n (µ)
                                               N
                                               X
                         ∗          ∗
         0 = ∇λ0 L(a (µ), λ (µ)) =                    a∗n (µ) − b
                                               n=1
         0 = λ∗n (µ)a∗n (µ)

         0 ≤ λ∗n (µ)

         0 ≤ a∗n (µ).

Let

                                        I(µ) = {n ∈ [N ] | λ∗n (µ) = 0}.

Note that if n ̸∈ I(µ), then a∗n (µ) = 0, so the first condition becomes
                                (
                                   µn − sn + Fη−1  (1 − λ∗0 (µ)) if n ∈ I(µ),
                     a∗n (µ) =                  n

                                   0                              otherwise.

where Fηn is the CDF of ηn . Since the ηn are i.i.d., we write this CDF as simply Fη . Summing
over n ∈ [N ], we have
                     N
                     X                    X
                             a∗n (µ) =            µn − sn + Fη−1 (1 − λ∗0 (µ))
                                                                              
                b=
                     n=1                 n∈I(µ)
                                                               
                                              X
                                        =            µn − sn  + |I(µ)| · Fη−1 (1 − λ∗0 (µ)).
                                             n∈I(µ)

Thus, we have
                                                                P
                                                          b−        n∈I(µ) (µn − sn )
                                 Fη−1 (1 − λ∗0 (µ)) =                                   ,
                                                                     |I(µ)|

so
                         (                                      
                                      1
                                               P
                          µn − sn + |I(µ)|  b − m∈I(µ) (µm − sm )                           if n ∈ I(µ),
             a∗n (µ) =
                             0                                                              otherwise.

                                                           18
Taking the derivative with respect to µ, we have
                                                                 1
                                       ∇µm a∗n (µ) = δm,n −           .
                                                               |I(µ)|
Thus, we have
                                 N
                                 X
∇µm L(a∗ (µ), λ∗ (µ)) = ∇µm            Eηn [max{µn + ηn − a∗n (µ) − sn , 0}]
                                 n=1
                          N
                          X
                      =         Pηn [a∗n (µ) ≤ µn + ηn − sn ] ∇µm a∗n (µ)
                          n=1
                           N                                                         
                          X                                                    1
                      =         Pηn [a∗n (µ) ≤ µn + ηn − sn ]         δm,n −
                          n=1
                                                                             |I(µ)|
                                                                             N
                                                                     1 X
                      = Pηm [a∗m (µ) ≤ µm + ηm − sm ] −                      Pη [a∗ (µ) ≤ µn + ηn − sn ]
                                                                   |I(µ)| n=1 n n
                      = Pηm [a∗m (µ) ≤ µm + ηm − sm ] + const

                      ≈ I[a∗m (µ) ≤ µm − sm ] + const,

where the approximation on the last line holds when σ is small. Using this gradient, our predictive

model’s objective can be approximated as
                               N
                             T X
                             X
              θ̂ = arg min                                                                ∗
                                       (I[a∗t,n (µ) ≤ µt,n − st,n ] + c) · |µθ (xt,n ) − ξt,n |.
                      θ      t=1 n=1

for some constant c. This loss up-weights the training examples that are more likely to experience

unmet demand. One remaining issue is that we do not know a∗t,n (µ), which is required to compute
the weight. We approximated it by first training a decision-blind model, using it to optimize the
allocations, and then using these allocations to determine the weights.


Out-of-Sample Comparison. Prior to deploying our framework, we validated it on historical

data by showing that it outperforms several baselines on a held-out test set, including:

    • Excel tool: Data-driven tool previously used in conjunction with DHIS2 by the NMSA to
      make allocations.

                                                     19
       • Decision-blind ablation: Follows our pipeline but uses the MSE loss to train the random
         forest instead of our decision-aware learning algorithm.

       • StochOptForest: Follows our pipeline but trains decision-aware random forests using the

         end-to-end optimization strategy by (54).

       • Distribution modeling: Estimates demand via distribution modeling (as described in
         §1.5.1), and then optimizes allocations based on these forecasts.

       • Global Health: Estimates demand via a 3-month rolling average (described in §1.5.1,
         common in global health (30, 31)), and then optimizes allocations based on these fore-

         casts (73).

       • Population-based: Allocates total available central stock to chiefdoms proportionally to
         their at-risk population (women and children), as commonly done in global health (30).
        Within a chiefdom, all facilities are treated equally.4

Here, we introduce the index m ∈ [M ] to denote products. We applied our framework and

evaluate the unmet demand for each facility-product pair:
                               (
                                 0                       if µm,n − am,n − sm,n < 0
           UnmetDemandm,n =                                                                                     (5)
                                 µm,n − am,n − sm,n otherwise

for all products m ∈ [M ] and facilities n ∈ [N ], where am,n is allocation decision and µm,n is
the true demand. Then, we computed the total unmet demand across all facilities and divided it

by total demand to obtain a normalized total unmet demand, and averaged across products: 5
                                                                     M    PN
                                            1      X
                                                                             n=1 UnmetDemandm,n
           NormalizedTotalUnmetDemand =                                          PN             .               (6)
                                        # products m=1                             n=1 µ m,n

   4
     Note that current data sources do not provide facility-level population estimates in Sierra Leone; we construct
such estimates from a variety of data sources in §1.5.2.
   5
     Note that we approximate total demand by total consumption.


                                                        20
To test allocation performance in challenging environments, we focused our evaluation on lower
budgets—specifically, we used the 25th percentile of quarterly budgets (by product) observed in

our data. We then measured how much our approach reduces unmet demand compared to the
baseline:

         NormalizedTotalUnmetDemandBaseline − NormalizedTotalUnmetDemandOurs
                                                                             .                  (7)
                         NormalizedTotalUnmetDemandBaseline

Our results are shown in Table SI 1; they illustrate that our approach outperforms other baselines.
First, it performs significantly better than non-machine learning approaches, demonstrating the

predictive power of machine learning. Next, StochOptForest most likely performs poorly since it
is unable to integrate its decision-aware learning strategy with multi-task learning. At a high
level, their algorithm assumes that there is a single optimization problem for each example in

the dataset (i.e., one for each facility-product pair). However, in our problem, a single product’s
optimization problem is associated with many examples (i.e., observations across all facilities).
Thus, to apply their approach, we need to decouple the optimization problem into a separate

optimization problem for each facility, which we do using the optimal dual variable λ. However,
this eliminates cross-learning between facilities, which may explain the poor results. Finally,
we also demonstrated a 5% improvement compared to a purely decision-blind approach; while

this improvement is comparatively smaller, a 5% reduction in unmet demand still has significant
implications for social welfare. Furthermore, it demonstrates the potential for decision-aware
learning to improve performance even compared to powerful state-of-the-art models such as

multi-task random forests.


2    Evaluation and Deployment

In this section, we describe how we deployed our system (§2.1) and econometrically evaluated
its impact using SynthDiD (§2.2); we established an equivalence between consumption and

                                                21
Table SI 1: Average % Improvement in Unmet Demand. We compare our framework vs.
various baselines on an out-of-sample historical dataset.

                                          Method                         Improvement %
                       Our Framework                                                    0%
                       Decision-Blind Ablation                                          5%
                       Population Based Census                                         27%
                       Distribution Modeling                                           82%
                       Global Health (3 Month Rolling Avg)                             88%
                       StochOptForest                                                  92%
                       Existing Excel Tool                                             98%


unmet demand to justify this analysis (§2.3). Then, we investigated real-world compliance
to our allocations (§2.4), analyzed the distributional impacts of our deployment (§2.5), and
performed multiple robustness checks to validate our main findings (§2.6). Finally, we performed

a cost-effectiveness analysis (§2.7).

2.1     Deployment Details

The Sierra Leone national government deployed our system in 2023 Q2 for 5 randomly selected
districts: Tonkolili, Falaba, Karene, Kono, and Pujehun; subsequently, it was rolled out nation-

wide in 2023 Q3. We present a balance table for pre-treatment covariates in Table SI 12;6 as can
be seen, there are no statistically detectable differences between the two groups. Furthermore,
we present data missingness rates for treated and control districts in Table SI 13. Prior to the

deployment, the government had established predetermined supply levels for this period and
allocated resources to control districts. The remaining supply was then assigned to the treatment
districts, maintaining independence of supply quantities between the two groups.
   6
    This table is based on district-level covariates from the Global Data Lab (74) and the Service Delivery Indicators
Health Survey (75). We constructed the corresponding treatment and control values by averaging over districts in
each respective group, weighted by their population. One issue is that the districts in both data sources predated the
2017 creation of two new districts (Koinadugu split in two into Falaba and Koinadugu; Bombali split in two into
Karene and Bombali); Falaba and Karene are treated districts whereas Koinadugu and Bombali are control districts.
We took the covariates for Falaba and Karene to be the same as the ones for Koinadugu and Bombali, respectively.


                                                         22
Figure SI 2: Our System’s Web App Interface: Consistent with their prior workflow, users
upload an Excel sheet with total available central stock information (which is directly downloaded
from the mSupply database) and then run the tool to obtain downloadable allocation results. This
web app is now owned and operated by the Sierra Leone national government.


   Before the implementation, we first conducted two training sessions for policymakers and
frontline workers to provide them with a technical understanding of how our tool operated and
what it did. We ensured that our allocation tool was compatible with the same formatted inputs

and outputs as the prior Excel allocation tool, allowing users to maintain their existing workflows
with minimal changes. Fig. SI 2 shows a screenshot of our web interface.
   The deployment began in June 2023. The implementation timeline proceeded as follows:

in the Falaba and Tonkolili districts, last-mile delivery to local health facilities was completed
by mid-July, while in the Karene, Kono, and Pujehun districts, implementation extended to


                                                23
the end of July due to logistical delays caused by the presidential election in Sierra Leone. To
evaluate the impact of the intervention, we primarily analyzed outcomes from 2023 Q2 to Q3.

The government did not conduct an allocation in Q4 due to insufficient supply, arising from a
central-level shortage of health aid from donors.
   Our system functioned as a decision support tool, where central and district-level planners

retain ultimate authority and can override the system when necessary. During deployment, when
planners identified discrepancies between our recommendations and their practices (e.g., due
to data lags, or a strategic need to maintain a larger safety stock for certain items that quarter),

they were able to easily adjust the allocations. This human-in-the-loop approach was crucial
for building trust and enabling context-specific adaptability. We found that decision-makers
closely followed the algorithmic allocations—the normalized overlap between the actual and

algorithmic allocations ranged from 0.89 to 1 (see §2.4 for details). The system automatically
re-trains the machine learning model based on updated data for each new quarterly allocation,
so that it continuously adapts to shifts in demand patterns. The system is hosted on AWS with

government-controlled access, ensuring institutional ownership. We provided knowledge transfer
to local personnel to build internal capacity for system maintenance.

2.2    Main Analysis Methodology

While the raw data in Fig. 3a shows a descriptive increase in consumption, the small number

of treated districts necessitates an evaluation strategy that appropriately matches pre-treatment
patterns across treated and control groups. To this end, we used SynthDiD (43) to analyze
the impact of our deployment on patient consumption. SynthDiD identifies causal effects by

ensuring that the difference between treated and synthetic control facilities remains stable before
treatment. To achieve this goal, SynthDiD assigns two sets of weights: one for control facilities
and another for time periods. The control facility weights are chosen so the weighted average of


                                                24
control facilities’ outcomes best match the unweighted average of treated facilities’ outcomes
in the pre-treatment period. The time period weights ensure that the weighted average of the

control facilities’ outcomes in the pre-treatment period best match their unweighted average of
the control facilities’ outcomes in the post-treatment period.
   By combining these weights, SynthDiD constructs synthetic control facilities whose pre-

treatment trends align with those of the treated facilities, thereby providing a credible estimate of
the treatment’s causal impact and addressing key limitations in other commonly used estimators.
Unlike standard difference-in-differences (DiD), which requires a parallel trends assumption,

SynthDiD remains robust even when treatment and control groups show different trends before
the intervention. Furthermore, it can effectively control for variations in outcomes that arise from
both time-related and unit-specific factors, unlike standard synthetic controls, which requires a

near-perfect match in pre-treatment levels.
   Using unit weights ω̂nsdid and time weights λ̂sdid
                                                 t    derived from Eqs. (4) & (6) in (43), the
average effect of the treatment on the treated (ATT) is estimated as follows:
                                                  T
                                                  N X
                                                  X
              τ̂   sdid
                          , µ̂, α̂, β̂ = argmin             (Yn,t − µ − αn − βt − Wn,t τ )2 ω̂nsdid λ̂sdid
                                                                                                      t      (8)
                                        τ,µ,α,β   n=1 t=1

where the outcome Yn,t is the average consumption for facility n at time t across all allocated

products; µ is the baseline average outcome, αn are facility fixed effects, and βt are time period
fixed effects. The treatment assignment Wn,t indicates whether facility n received treatment at
time t, and τ is the treatment effect. Control facility weights ω̂nsdid and time period weights λ̂sdid
                                                                                                  t

account for differences between treated and control groups over time.
   We independently performed our analysis using both the synthdid package in R and the
sdid package in STATA, finding consistent results. We estimated standard errors using the

jackknife (Algorithm 3 in (43)). To validate our use of SynthDiD, we also performed an event
study (57), which showed that there are no statistically significant differences between treated


                                                             25
and control facilities prior to our intervention, and that the change in consumption emerged
only after our system was deployed (see Fig. SI 3). We used Eq. (8) in (57), which compares

the treated-minus-synthetic-control difference in each time period t to a baseline pre-treatment
difference:

                                                             Tr
                                     (ȲtT r − ȲtCo ) − (Ȳbaseline      Co
                                                                     − Ȳbaseline ),

         Tr             Co
where Ȳbaseline and Ȳbaseline are the baseline means for the treated group and the synthetic control
group, respectively. Unlike conventional event studies that choose a single pre-treatment period

as the baseline, the SynthDiD framework selects the optimal pre-treatment weights λ̂sdid
                                                                                    t

                                     Tpre                                        Tpre
                                     X                                           X
                         Tr
                      Ȳbaseline =          λ̂sdid
                                              t    ȲtT r   and      Co
                                                                  Ȳbaseline =          λ̂sdid
                                                                                          t    ȲtCo .
                                     t=1                                         t=1

Then, we constructed the event-study estimates from SynthDiD using the following steps:

   1. Initial Estimation:

        (a) Fit SynthDiD on the full sample to obtain time period weights λ̂ and the pre-treatment

              difference in outcomes.

        (b) Adjust post-treatment differences by subtracting the pre-treatment mean difference.

   2. Bootstrap Inference:

        (a) For b ∈ {1, . . . , B}, resample the data and re-estimate SynthDiD.

        (b) Compute the bootstrap-adjusted difference series for each replication.

        (c) Use these bootstrap replicates to compute standard errors and form confidence
              intervals.




                                                            26
                                                                     0.20     Point Estimate
                                                                              95% CI




                         Difference in Avg Normalized Consumption
                               between treated & control district
                                                                     0.15




                                                                     0.10




                                                                     0.05




                                                                     0.00




                                                                    −0.05
                                                                         2022Q3        2022Q4    2023Q1   2023Q2   2023Q3



Figure SI 3: SynthDiD Event Study. This plot shows the estimated ATT across time. Blue
diamonds represent point estimates, and the shaded region represents 95% confidence intervals.
The dashed vertical line indicates the time period immediately prior to our 2023 Q2 deployment.
As expected, the pre-treatment estimates are close to zero, while the post-treatment estimates are
positive and large, indicating that our deployment increased consumption.


2.3    Equivalence of Consumption and Unmet Demand

One of the key challenges in evaluating our deployment is that unmet demand—the usual metric

for evaluating the efficiency of inventory management policies—is censored since we do not
observe when patient orders go unfulfilled. Instead, we use consumption as our main metric,
which measures the total amount of each product distributed to patients across all facilities.

First, we show that under a simple model of dispensing, maximizing total consumption and
minimizing total unmet demand are mathematically equivalent in our optimization formulation.
Next, we show that this equivalence is robust to stock-dependent dispensing (such as rationing or

over-dispensing) and product substitution.


Basic Model.     In each quarter t, each facility n ∈ [N ] has current stock sm,n,t ∈ R≥0 of
product m ∈ [M ] and needs to fulfill demand ξm,n,t ∈ R≥0 until it runs out of stock. Our goal
is to allocate medicines to each facility to minimize unmet demand. The unmet demand and

                                                                                                27
consumption for product m and facility n in time period t as a function of the allocation a ∈ R≥0
of that product to that facility in that time period are

                              Um,n,t (a) = max{ξm,n,t − (sm,n,t + a), 0}

                              Cm,n,t (a) = min{ξm,n,t , sm,n,t + a},

respectively. It is easy to check that

                                    Um,n,t (a) + Cm,n,t (a) = ξm,n,t

for any allocation a. Given allocation decisions {an }n for each facility n ∈ [N ], we have

                                 Um,t ({an }n ) + Cm,t ({an }n ) = ξm,t ,

                         PN                                                          PN
where Um,t ({an }n ) =    n=1 Um,n,t (an ) is total unmet demand, Cm,t ({an }n ) =     n=1 Cm,n,t (an )
                                    PN
is total consumption, and ξm,t =       n=1 ξm,n,t is the total demand for quarter t. Thus, total unmet

demand plus total consumption does not depend on our allocation decisions {an }n ; therefore,
the allocation that minimizes unmet demand also maximizes consumption.

   Of course, this model makes a number of strong assumptions about how stock is distributed.
We describe how to handle alternative behaviors: (1) rationing (i.e., when the facility is low on
stock, it allocates less to patients than their need), (2) over-dispensing (i.e., when the facility

has excess stock, it allocates more to patients than they need), and (3) substitution (i.e., when
stock of one medication runs out, the facility allocates a substitute). We discuss rationing and
over-dispensing in §2.3.1, and substitution in §2.3.2.

2.3.1   Rationing and Over-Dispensing.

Providers may change their dispensing patterns dynamically as a function of the available stock
remaining. For instance, if product stock is running low and the next allocation isn’t anticipated
for some time, a provider may ration stock by only allocating to high-risk patients; alternatively,

                                                   28
if product stock is relatively high and the next allocation is anticipated soon, a provider may
dispense to even low-risk patients who are not normally allocated. We show using a Markov

Decision Process analysis that any such stock-dependent allocations still satisfy the equivalence
of consumption and demand, as long as providers do not waste stock (i.e., dispense to a patient
with no demand, or dispense more than they could plausibly use). Waste is unlikely to occur in

our setting due to the limited supply. We also performed an empirical analysis to try to detect
rationing and over-dispensing behavior in our data; we found no evidence for such behaviors.


Theoretical analysis.    For this section, we redefine the variables t, st , at , and ξt to be the index
of the current patient, the current stock of a medicine at a given facility when patient t arrives,

the amount of medicine distributed to patient t, and the target demand of patient t, respectively.
Specifically, we consider a model where (1) patients arrive at the facility sequentially over T
steps (indexed by t ∈ [T ]), are distributed at of the product and then leave; (2) each patient has a

target demand ξt depending on their type xt ∈ [K], and the facility distribution satisfies at ≤ ξt ;
and (3) unmet demand for that patient is ξt − at . Under this assumption, we prove that unmet
demand and negative consumption are equivalent even in this general setting:

                                      Ū (π) + C̄(π) = const,

where Ū (π) and C̄(π) are the expected unmet demand and consumption when using policy π,
respectively. This result establishes under general conditions that consumption is a reasonable

proxy for unmet demand.
    We model the system as a finite-horizon MDP (S, A, R, P, T ), where the state is a pair
(s, x) ∈ S = (N ∪ {0}) × [K] consisting of the current stock s and the type x of the patient

being served on step t, the action a ∈ A = N indicates the amount of medication to dispense to
the patient, the reward R(s, x, a) ≥ 0 indicates the payoff for dispensing medicine to the patient
(with R(s, x, 0) = 0), the transition measure P (s, x, s′ , x′ ) = 1(s′ = s − a) · P (x′ ) consists of

                                                 29
a deterministic update s′ = s − a to the stock and an i.i.d. sample of the next patient type x′ ,
and the time horizon is T ∈ N. We assume that patient type x = 1 indicates no patient, and

R(s, 1, a) = 0 for all a ∈ A. We impose the constraint that a ≤ s. We let ξ(x) ∈ N be the ideal
amount of medication needed by patient of type x.
    We assume the facility is using a state-dependent and time-dependent policy πt : S → A

to distribute medicine to patients. Since the state includes the current stock and the time
encodes the time remaining until the end of the quarter, this policy can encode very complex
rationing and over-dispensing strategies. As usual, a given policy π induces a distribution

D(π) over rollouts ζ = ((s1 , x1 , a1 , r1 ), ..., (sT , xT , aT , rT )). We let Ū (π) = Eζ∼D(π) [U (ζ)] and
C̄(π) = Eζ∼D(π) [C(ζ)] denote the expected unmet demand and consumption, respectively. The
following result shows that under this general model, unmet demand and negative consumption

are equivalent metrics.

Theorem 1. Assume at ≤ ξt (where ξt = ξ(xt )) for all t ∈ [T ]. Then, we have Ū (π) = Ξ̄− C̄(π),
where Ξ̄ is a constant independent of π.

Proof. Given an arbitrary rollout ζ = ((s1 , x1 , a1 , r1 ), ..., (sT , xT , aT , rT )), the total unmet
demand across ζ is
                                         T
                                               max{ξt − at , 0} · 1(xt ̸= 1),
                                         X
                              U (ζ) =
                                         t=1

where ξt = ξ(xt ), and consumption is
                                           T
                                                 min{at , ξt } · 1(xt ̸= 1).
                                           X
                                  C(ζ) =
                                           t=1

Under our assumption that at ≤ ξt , we have
                            T                                        T
                                  (ξt − at ) · 1(xt ̸= 1) = Ξ(ζ) −          at · 1(xt ̸= 1),
                            X                                        X
                  U (ζ) =
                            t=1                                       t=1



                                                      30
and
                                                   T
                                                          at · 1(xt ̸= 1),
                                                   X
                                       C(ζ) =
                                                    t=1

                 PT
where Ξ(ζ) =        t=1 ξt ; it follows that



                                          U (ζ) = Ξ(ζ) − C(ζ).


Taking the expectation over ζ ∼ D(π) , where D(π) is the distribution over rollouts induced by
using policy π, we have


                                               Ū (π) = Ξ̄ − C̄(π),

where Ξ̄ = Ξ̄(π) = Eζ∼D(π) [Ξ(ζ)] is the expected total demand; note that Ξ(ζ) only depends on
ζ through the sequence of patient covariates (x1 , ..., xT ), so Ξ̄(π) is independent of π.


Empirical analysis.        Next, we performed empirical analyses to try to detect rationing and

over-dispensing behaviors. Ideally, we would have patient-level data to understand if providers
are allocating differently to different risk profiles as a function of available stock; however, such
data does not exist in a digitized, unified form in many developing countries due to infrastructure

limitations. As a result, we are limited to analyzing aggregate monthly allocations.
      First, we considered rationing—facilities with low inventory may preemptively reduce
consumption (e.g., by allocating only to high-risk patients) even if they are sufficiently well

stocked, in order to avoid a stockout in future months before the next allocation. Consider a
facility in month t − 2 (with an upcoming allocation in month t) that has sufficient stock for
the current month t − 2 but insufficient stock for the coming month t − 1. If we see “less than

expected” consumption in t − 2, that may indicate rationing behavior.
      To test this, we first identified facility-month pairs (n, τ ) in our panel data where the opening


                                                          31
balance is sufficiently large to likely avoid a stockout in that month.7 Specifically, we only
considered (n, τ ) pairs such that the initial stock sn,τ exceeded the average consumption Ȳn

by some multiplicative constant, i.e., sn,τ > C2 Ȳn for some C2 ≥ 1. Then, we estimated the
following regression model:

          Yn,τ = β1 LowStockn,τ + β2 TimeIndicatorτ + δ(LowStockn,τ × TimeIndicatorτ )

                    + αn + λτ + γXn,τ + ϵn,τ                                                               (9)

where Yn,τ is the consumption of facility n in month τ ; αn and λτ are facility and time fixed
effects, respectively; Xn,τ denotes controls (including all the features in our demand prediction

model); LowStockn,τ = 1(sn,τ ≤ C1 Ȳn ) for some C1 < 2 indicates whether facility n has likely
insufficient opening balance in month τ to satisfy future demand in month τ + 1, as estimated
by a multiplier of its average demand Ȳn ; and TimeIndicatorτ = 1(∃t ∈ Talloc s.t. τ = t − 2)

indicates whether τ is two months prior to a planned allocation t ∈ Talloc . The coefficient of
interest is δ; a negative value of δ would indicate that facilities reduce distribution in months
where they have low stock in month t − 2 to save for month t − 1, where t is an allocation month.

       For robustness, we considered several choices of our constants—specifically, C1 ∈ {1.5, 1.75}
and C2 ∈ {1.0, 1.5}; note that we require C1 > C2 . Results from these regressions are shown in
Table SI 2. As can be seen, δ is not statistically significantly different from zero in any of them,

so we found no evidence of rationing behaviors. We note that this empirical analysis is only
suggestive, as we do not have the data to support a causal or more granular analysis.
       Next, we considered over-dispensing—facilities with high inventory may preemptively

increase consumption (e.g., by allocating to low-risk patients) in anticipation of an upcoming
allocation. Consider a facility in month t − 1 (with an upcoming allocation in month t) that has
more than sufficient stock for the current month. If we see “more than expected” consumption in
   7
    If not, reduced consumption in that month would simply reflect a stockout rather than rationing behavior to
protect stock for future months.

                                                      32
                             Table SI 2: Analysis of Rationing Behavior.

                                                   Condition on Opening Balance C2
                     Initial Supply Level C1       C2 = 1.0              C2 = 1.5
                     C1 = 1.5                        0.986                   –
                                                    (0.592)
                     C1 = 1.75                       0.360                −0.822
                                                    (0.496)               (0.810)
                   Notes: The table reports regression coefficients of the interaction term δ.
                   Standard errors are in parentheses: ∗ p < 0.05, ∗∗ p < 0.01.


t − 1, that may indicate a facility trying to over-dispense a surplus.
       To test this, as before, we identified facility-month pairs in our panel data where the opening

balance is sufficiently large to avoid a stockout in that month, i.e., (n, τ ) pairs such that sn,τ >
C2 Ȳn .8 Then, we estimated the following regression model:


        Yn,τ = β1 ExcessStockn,τ + β2 TimeIndicatorτ + δ(ExcessStockn,τ × TimeIndicatorτ )

                  + αn + λτ + γXn,τ + ϵn,τ                                                              (10)

where ExcessStockn,τ = 1(sn,τ ≥ C1 Ȳn ) for some C1 > 2 indicates whether facility n will

likely have a significant surplus in month τ + 1 (given the upcoming allocation), as estimated by a
multiplier of its average demand Ȳn ; we re-defined TimeIndicatorτ = 1(∃t ∈ Talloc s.t. τ = t−1)
to indicate whether τ is one month prior to a planned allocation t ∈ Talloc .

       For robustness, we considered C1 ∈ {3.0, 5.0} and C2 ∈ {1.0, 1.5}. Results from the
resulting regressions are shown in Table SI 3. As can be seen, δ is not statistically significantly
different from zero in any of these regressions, so we found no evidence of over-dispensing

behaviors. We note that this empirical analysis suffers from the same limitations noted earlier for
rationing.
   8
    If not, increased consumption in that month would simply reflect the lack of a stockout rather than over-
dispensing behavior to use up surplus stock.


                                                      33
                       Table SI 3: Analysis of Over-Dispensing Behavior.

                                               Condition on Opening Balance C2
                 Initial Supply Level C1       C2 = 1.0             C2 = 1.5
                 C1 = 3.0                        0.174                0.146
                                                (0.371)              (0.408)
                 C1 = 5.0                        0.489                0.503
                                                (0.368)              (0.380)
                Notes: The table reports regression coefficients of the interaction term.
                Standard errors are in parentheses: ∗ p < 0.05, ∗∗ p < 0.01.


   One concern could be that our estimates are under-powered. Thus, as a robustness check,
we took the point estimates for rationing and over-dispensing at face value, and evaluated

their impact on our main analysis. Specifically, we took a conservative approach (i.e., assume
these behaviors only adversely affect consumption in treated facilities and do not affect control

facilities), which translated into an approximately 2 percentage point reduction in consumption
in treated facilities. Correspondingly, we adjusted our evaluation by reducing only the treated
facilities’ consumption in the post-treatment period by 2 percentage points. We then re-ran

our main analysis and found that our deployment still improved consumption by a statistically
significant 16%. This improvement is quite similar to the 19% improvement found in our original
analysis.

2.3.2   Substitution

Another potential behavior we do not handle in our basic model is cross-product substitution.

We show theoretically that consumption and unmet demand still remain equivalent under “per-
fect” product substitution, as long as we evaluate consumption at the level of product clusters
(that mutually substitute for each other) with appropriate normalization, instead of evaluating

consumption at the level of individual products. We first formalize and prove this result. Based
on input from medical experts and field workers, we developed a list of all substitutable products

                                                  34
among the ones we allocated; many of these can be considered perfect (e.g., medications with
different dosages), for the remaining, perfect substitution was a reasonably good approximation.

Then, we performed a robustness check where we re-ran our main analysis using the above
strategy and obtained similar results as our main analysis.


Theoretical analysis. We consider substitution under the following assumptions: (1) substitu-
tions are not case-dependent (i.e., if two medicines can either always be substituted, or never be
substituted), (2) substitutions are transitive (i.e., if m1 substitutes for m2 and m2 substitutes for

m3 , then m1 substitutes for m3 ), and (3) substitutions are always at the same rate (i.e., if m1 and
m2 are substitutes, then if a patient requires a units of m1 , then they require cm1 →m2 · a units of
m2 , where cm1 →m2 is constant across patients (with cm→m = 1)). While these assumptions are

somewhat strong, they are accurate to first order for the products distributed by our system.
   With these assumptions, we can straightforwardly adapt our analysis to handle substitutions.
Specifically, rather than consider products separately, we first cluster products into K groups

Mk ⊆ [M ] that are mutually substitutable (which is possible by Assumptions 1 & 2). For each
group k ∈ [K], we can choose one focal product m ∈ Mk in that group and standardize the other
products relative to m to obtain the following aggregated stock, allocation, and demand:

                                               X
                                  s̃k,n,t =               cm′ →m · sm′ ,n,t
                                              m′ ∈Mk
                                               X
                                  ãk,n,t =               cm′ →m · am′ ,n,t
                                              m′ ∈M   k
                                               X
                                  ξ˜k,n,t =               cm′ →m · ξm′ ,n,t .
                                              m′ ∈M   k


To account for substitution, we can simply analyze consumption using the normalized variables
instead of the original ones.




                                                      35
Empirical analysis.    Using the strategy outlined above, we conducted a robustness check of our
main analysis based on the normalized product consumption to account for potential substitution

behavior; we discuss this analysis in detail in §2.6.5. We found a consistent, statistically
significant 18% increase in the consumption of these normalized product groups, demonstrating
that substitution is unlikely to be the primary driver behind our treatment effect.

2.4    Compliance Analysis

Our system was implemented as a decision support tool that could be overridden by district
pharmaceutical managers, who may selectively override our recommendations to address short-
comings in our allocation decisions to improve performance (though they may also make mistakes

that lead to worse outcomes). To measure compliance, we manually collected the local pharma-
cist’s allocation document and cross-checked all the invoices pulled from mSupply. To quantify
compliance of a treated district, we normalized the allocation quantity for each facility-product

pair in that district, calculated the absolute difference between the actual allocation and our
deployed suggestion, and then averaged this value across facility-product pairs. Results are
shown in Table SI 4; we found that compliance was generally very high, with the Kono and

Pujehun districts having slightly lower compliance than the other three districts. This is likely
due to logistical and communication issues that arose during the implementation of our system
in 2023 Q2, which were resolved soon after. In §2.6.7, we disentangled the effect of compliance

with our recommendations in 2023 Q2 from the impact of our system through a standard instru-
mental variables analysis to compute the Local Average Treatment Effect (LATE). We found
a statistically significant 37% improvement in consumption among compliers, suggesting that

compliance with our system’s allocations was generally beneficial.




                                                36
                   Table SI 4: Compliance of Treated Districts in 2023 Q2

                           District    Normalized Avg Absolute Diff
                           Tonkolili                  0.000
                           Falaba                     0.028
                           Karene                     0.039
                           Kono                       0.073
                           Pujehun                    0.109


2.5    Distributional Impact Analysis

To understand the distributional impacts of our allocation system, we conducted additional

analyses across several dimensions.
   The first dimension focuses on facility type; given limited resources, NMSA policymakers
emphasized prioritizing larger facilities (Hospitals and Community Health Centers (CHCs)) to

ensure that care remains available to the greatest number of people. We checked whether these
facilities are correctly prioritized by our system. Specifically, we categorized facilities into two
groups: (1) larger, better equipped facilities (Hospitals and Community Health Centers (CHCs)),

and (2) smaller, community-based facilities (Community Health Posts (CHPs) and Maternal
and Child Health Posts (MCHPs)). Then, we conducted our main analysis separately on each
group; results are shown in Table SI 5. As can be seen, our positive treatment effect remains

strong and statistically significant for larger facilities, suggesting that our algorithm effectively
improves consumption at facilities that are well-equipped and consistently operational (consistent
with NMSA’s stated priorities). In contrast, smaller health posts show a smaller, statistically

insignificant improvement. They may face more fundamental challenges (e.g., inadequate staffing
or equipment) that limit their ability to provide services or utilize medical supplies, regardless
of availability. For instance, during a field visit, we found a small health post closed for two

consecutive days, and local residents shared that they often seek essential care at larger, more
reliable facilities. Improving allocation efficiency for larger facilities is desirable since these

                                                 37
Table SI 5: Distributional Analysis Results. Columns 1-2 compare large facilities (Hospitals
and CHCs) vs. smaller, community-based facilities (CHPs and MCHPs). Columns 3-6 analyze
rural vs. urban facilities based on distance to a city (0.25 or 1 mile). Column 7 examines
under-served facilities that have experienced at least one stockout since 2020. We found that our
deployment increased consumption in large facilities, rural facilities, as well as under-served
facilities.

 Dep. var.: Normalized Consumption      By Facility Type                          By Location
                                                                                                                  Under-
                                      Large       Small              0.25 miles                   1 mile          Served
                                     Facility    Facility        Rural      Urban        Rural        Urban
                                       (1)         (2)            (3)        (4)          (5)          (6)          (7)
 Treatment Effect                    0.368∗        0.052        0.107∗∗      0.291      0.090∗         0.334      0.182∗∗
                                     (0.183)      (0.037)       (0.043)     (0.395)     (0.044)       (0.315)     (0.069)
 Observations                         1,075       4,215          4,865       425         4,430         860         4,055
 Improvement %                        36%       10% (Insig)      19%      24% (Insig)     16%       32% (Insig)    32%

Note: Standard errors in parentheses. ∗ p < 0.05, ∗∗ p < 0.01, ∗∗∗ p < 0.001.


facilities are relied on to provide consistent care; furthermore, we did so without impacting (or

even slightly improving) efficiency for smaller facilities.
    Next, we performed two analyses to better understand the equity implications of our system.
First, we examined the impact on previously under-served facilities; specifically, a facility is

under-served if it experienced at least one stockout in the data from 2020 until the quarter before
our deployment. Our results are shown in Table SI 5; as can be seen, our results are substantially
larger (compared to our overall effect of 19%) and statistically significant for under-served

facilities. Second, we examined distributional impacts on urban vs. rural facilities, based on
geographic location and accessibility; in Sierra Leone, rural facilities tend to be poorer than
urban ones. We categorized facilities as urban if they were within a walkable distance of a

city or town (76) (either within 0.25 miles based on (77), or within 1 mile as a robustness
check) and rural otherwise. As can be seen from Table SI 5, the treatment effect is positive
and statistically significant for rural facilities (it is also positive but statistically insignificant for

urban facilities, but this may be due to the smaller sample size). This suggests that our allocation
system succeeded at reducing unmet demand at rural (poor) facilities, likely improving equity.

                                                           38
                             Table SI 6: Robustness Analysis Results.

      Model                         Coefficient    Std. Error     Observations      Improvement %
      Dependent Variable = Normalized Consumption
      SynthDiD                        0.116∗         (0.046)          5,290                19%
      DiD                            0.128∗∗         (0.046)           5,290               21%
      Matching (5km)                  0.154∗         (0.066)          1,125                25%
      Matching (10km)                0.166∗∗         (0.064)           1,815               30%
      Matching (15km)                 0.121∗         (0.054)          2,415                21%
      Imputation (low rank)          0.037∗∗         (0.014)           5,455               15%
      Imputation (avg consump)        0.067∗         (0.031)          5,455                21%
      Imputation (pop)               0.076∗∗         (0.028)           5,455               27%
      No Missingness Imbalance        0.132∗         (0.058)          5,285                18%
      Substitution (Method 2)        0.132∗ ∗        (0.048)           5,290               20%
      Alt. Control                   0.095∗∗∗        (0.022)          10,520               18%
      Substitution (Method 1)         0.119∗         (0.048)          5,290                18%
      LATE (Continuous)              0.115∗∗         (0.038)           5,290               37%
      Dependent Variable = Stockout
      SynthDiD                        −0.280         (0.179)           5,290          −4.6% (Insig)
      Dependent Variable = Missingness
      SynthDiD                        −0.007         (0.006)           5,290          −1.4% (Insig)
    Notes: ∗ p < 0.05, ∗∗ p < 0.01, ∗∗∗ p < 0.001. Standard errors in parentheses. The balanced dataset
   includes 1,058 facilities across five quarters from 2022 Q3 to 2023 Q3. The Improvement % column
   reports the relative change in consumption compared to the counterfactual mean for each specification.


2.6    Robustness Checks

We performed a number of robustness checks to support our main results, summarized in
Table SI 6. Specifically, we performed difference-in-differences (§2.6.1), geographic match-

ing (§2.6.2), imputation strategies (§2.6.3), differential missingness analysis (§2.6.4), and a
substitution-robust analysis (§2.6.5). We also re-ran our main analysis using alternative controls
(§2.6.6), examined the treatment effect on compliers (§2.6.7), and examined stockouts (§2.6.8).




                                                    39
2.6.1   Difference-in-Differences (DiD).

First, we ensured our results are consistent under a simpler DiD analysis (78), which compares
changes in outcomes over time between the treated and control groups. Fig. SI 4 shows the

corresponding event study, which shows that there are no statistically significant differences
between treated and control facilities prior to our intervention. The DiD specification is:

                         Yn,t = µ + αn + βt + τ (Treatn × Postt ) + ϵn,t ,                     (11)

where Yn,t is the observed outcome (i.e., normalized consumption) for unit n at time t; µ denotes

the mean outcome; αn represents unit fixed effects; βt represents time period fixed effects; ϵn,t
is the error term; Treatn is a dummy indicator of treatment; Postt is a dummy indicator for
post-treatment periods; and τ is the treatment effect. We find that the magnitude and significance

of the increase in consumption are similar to those obtained using SynthDiD.

2.6.2   Matching analysis.

Next, we employed a geographic matching design, which is more robust to geographically-

varying unobserved confounders by restricting the DiD analysis to matching pairs of treatment
and control facilities that are geographically close together. Specifically, we first restricted our
sample to facilities within some distance of a district border (either 5km, 10km, or 15km) and that

have a neighboring facility with the opposite treatment status; Fig. SI 5 shows the resulting set
of facilities for the 15km cutoff. Then, we ran our DiD analysis restricted to matched facilities.
Results for all three distances are shown in Table SI 6; they show a statistically significant

increase in consumption for treated facilities that is consistent with our main analysis.

2.6.3   Imputation strategies.

Our main analysis simply dropped missing values; however, this may create concerns about
bias from missing/unreliable data, and so we tested three different imputation strategies (based

                                                40
                                                                          Point Estimate
                                                                          95% CI
                                                           0.2
               Difference in Avg Normalized Consumption
                    Between Treated & Control District


                                                           0.1




                                                           0.0




                                                          −0.1




                                                                 2022Q3         2022Q4      2023Q1   2023Q2   2023Q3




Figure SI 4: DiD Event Study. This plot shows estimated treatment effects across time. Blue
dots represent point estimates, and vertical bars denote 95% confidence intervals. The black
vertical dashed line shows the time period immediately preceding our 2023 Q2 deployment. As
expected, the pre-treatment estimates are close to zero, while the post-treatment estimates are
larger, indicating a positive impact on consumption attributable to our deployment.

on low-rank completion, catchment population, and average demand) and found consistent
treatment effects across all of them (see Table SI 6). Specifically:

    • Low-rank imputation (ImputedLowRank): We used low-rank matrix completion (58),

      a standard approach for handling missing data in large matrices. We used the softImpute
      R package with rank = 2 and regularization parameter λ = 0.01 (chosen using cross-
      validation) to impute missing consumption values. Table SI 7 shows that our imputation

      results are robust to the choice of regularization parameter λ.

    • Population-based imputation (ImputedPop): We first estimated demand in proportion
      to each facility’s catchment population, and then imputed consumption as the minimum of

                                                                                           41
Figure SI 5: Map of Matched Border Facilities. This map displays the geographic distribution
of facilities included in the border matching analysis in the “Matching (15km)” row of Table SI 6.
Purple dots represent control facilities and yellow dots represent treated facilities located within
15km of district borders. Shorter distances (5km, 10km) yield similar results.



        the estimated demand and the computed allocation (we computed the allocation via the

        Excel tool in quarters prior to our tool’s deployment, and using our tool otherwise).

    • Average imputation (ImputedAvgConsump). Third, using comprehensive data on unique
        quarter, facility, and product tuples, we imputed missing consumption values by assigning
        it to be the average quarterly consumption of the product across all facilities.

We found that our estimates are qualitatively similar to our main analysis, suggesting that our

results are robust to different imputation strategies.

2.6.4    Missingness analysis.

We checked that (1) our allocation tool did not drive differential missingness patterns, and (2)
that products with differential missingness did not drive our results:

                                                 42
                    Table SI 7: Low-Rank Imputation with Different λ Values.

                             Coefficient      Std. Error       Observations         Improvement %
           Dependent Variable = Normalized Consumption
           (1) λ = 0.01        0.037∗∗           (0.014)            5,455                  15%
           (2) λ = 0.1         0.044∗∗∗          (0.013)            5,455                  16%
           (3) λ = 1           0.035∗∗           (0.012)            5,455                  13%
           (4) λ = 5           0.042∗∗∗          (0.012)            5,455                  14%
           (5) λ = 10          0.039∗∗           (0.012)            5,455                  16%
          Notes: Standard errors in parentheses. * p < 0.05, ** p < 0.01, *** p < 0.001.


   1. Missingness as the outcome variable: We used a missingness indicator as the dependent
        variable in our main specification; results are shown in the “Missingness” row of Table SI 6,

        and show no significant treatment effect. These results suggest that our intervention did
        not cause differential missing data, which could bias our results.

   2. Analysis on a sub-sample with no missingness imbalance: We also re-ran our main
        analysis on a subset of products that showed no significant difference in missing data rates

        between the treatment and control groups after the treatment. Results are shown in the
        “No Missingness Imbalance” row of Table SI 6; they are consistent with our main analysis,
        showing a statistically significant 18% increase in consumption.

These results suggest that our findings are not driven by differential missing data patterns.

2.6.5    Substitution.

As discussed in §2.3.2, facilities may substitute related products when stock of one product is
low. As outlined in §2.3.2, we merged substitutable products into clusters, and performed our
analysis on (appropriately normalized) consumption of product clusters.

   To this end, we developed groupings of substitutable products based on conversations with
two medical experts, and validated them through discussions with field workers. Table SI 8 shows


                                                        43
Table SI 8: Medicine Substitutions. This table lists clinically similar products grouped by sub-
stitution type: Direct Substitutions (same ingredient but in different doses or forms), Functional
Substitutions (different products with similar clinical purposes), and Therapeutic Substitutions
(different medications for the same condition). These expert-provided substitution groups were
used to test whether observed consumption increases could be driven by product substitution.
From our conversations, substitution group (5) (marked with a †) was context-dependent; thus,
we performed checks both with and without this group.

 Type of Substitution          Substitutes
 Direct Substitutions          (1) Paracetamol (Acetaminophen) 500mg, Tab; Paracetamol (Ac-
                               etaminophen) 250mg, Dispersible, Tab
 Functional Substitutions      (2) Syringe, Luer, 2ml, Disposable, Pcs; Syringe, Luer, 10ml,
                               Disposable, Pcs; Syringe, Luer, 20ml, Disposable, Pcs
                               (3) Glucose (Dextrose) 5%, IV Inj, 500ml, Soft Bag; Glucose
                               (Dextrose) Hypertonic 50%, IV Inj, 50ml, Bot
                               (4) Cannula, IV, 18G, Short, Sterile, Disposable, Pcs; Cannula, IV,
                               24G, Short, Sterile, Disposable, Pcs
 Therapeutic Substitutions     (5)† Neomycin & Bacitracin 0.5% & 500IU/g, Ointment, 15g,
                               Tube; Povidone Iodine 10%, Solution, Bot; Chlorhexidine Glu-
                               conate 7.1%, Gel
                               (6) Oxytocin 10IU, Inj, Amp; Misoprostol 200mcg, Tab
                               (7) Ampicillin 500mg, Pdr for IM/IV, Inj, Vial; Ceftriaxone 250mg,
                               Pdr for Inj
 Note: Every substitution requires a qualified healthcare professional to first assess the patient’s specific
 diagnosis and clinical context, then manage the substitution by adjusting dosage and following clinical
 or administration procedures (e.g., dilution, etc.).


substitutable groups of products among the ones we allocated; direct substitutes are perfect,
functional substitutes are nearly perfect, and therapeutic substitutes are more complicated but

can reasonably be approximated as being perfect. Our discussions suggested that group 5 was
context-dependent, so we performed two analyses—one with all seven groups (Method 1) and
one omitting group 5 (Method 2). We re-ran our primary analysis using both groupings, which

accounts for substitution effects according to our theoretical analysis. Our results (the “Substitu-
tion” rows in Table SI 6) show consistent and significant ATTs of 18% or 20%, suggesting that
substitution behavior is unlikely to significantly affect our findings.


                                                     44
2.6.6   Alternative control group (Alt. Control).

We also performed our analysis using an alternative control group of 26 products that were con-
currently allocated using a different, pre-existing mechanism (see Table SI 11). The consumption

levels for these products can be used as a control group throughout our study period across all
districts in the country using a staggered treatment—i.e., an advantage of this analysis is that
it can be performed not just for the partial deployment in 2023 Q2, but also for the nationwide

implementation starting in Q3. We used the sdid package in STATA (57), and found a consistent
and statistically significant increase in consumption of 18% (“Alt. Control” row in Table SI 6).

2.6.7   Local average treatment effect.

To disentangle the effect of compliance with our recommendations from the impact of our system,

we performed a standard instrumental variables analysis to compute the Local Average Treatment
Effect (LATE) (79). Following standard practice, we used the government’s random (binary)
treatment assignment as the instrument, and compliance (measured as a continuous variable,

described in §2.4) as the treatment variable.
   In general, IV analyses require two conditions to be satisfied. The first is relevance—our
first-stage results in Table SI 9 show a strong correlation between treatment assignment and

compliance (coefficient = 0.89, p < 0.001), suggesting that the relevance assumption holds.
The second is the exclusion restriction, which requires that the assignment to treatment affects
outcomes only through compliance. This is highly plausible in our case. For consumption to

change, either patient/provider behavior or supply chain logistics must change. Yet, patients
and facility-level providers had no knowledge of our deployment (or more generally, NMSA’s
operations), and assignment alone did not alter logistics unless the district actually adopted

our recommended allocation. Thus, we believe assignment to treatment would not influence
consumption except through compliance, satisfying the exclusion restriction.


                                                45
       To estimate the LATE, we used Two-Stage Least Squares (2SLS), with the first-stage

                                          Dn = π1 Zn + π2 Xn + µn ,                                             (12)


where Dn is compliance, Zn is treatment assignment, and Xn denotes covariates (indicators for
the district, quarter, and facility type). Here, n ranges over all (treated and control) facilities.

       The second-stage regression is given by

                                          Yn = β1 Dn + β2 Xn + ϵn ,                                             (13)


where Yn is the outcome variable (i.e., normalized consumption). Table SI 9 shows results,
yielding a significant increase of 0.12 standard deviations. To interpret this result, we make an
additional assumption that the first-stage relationship between assignment and compliance is

monotonic and linear—then, this result can be interpreted as “a one-unit increase in compliance
induced by the instrument yields a 0.12 standard deviation increase in outcome,” which can be
translated to a 37% reduction in unmet demand among compliers.9

2.6.8     Stockouts.

We also assessed the impact of our system on the number of facility-product stockouts. While
reducing stockouts might seem like a natural objective, optimizing for fewer stockouts produces
highly undesirable allocations—e.g., an optimal strategy is to allocate zero supply to a small

number of high-volume facilities, thereby ensuring that the remaining facilities are well-stocked.
Using SynthDiD but replacing our unit-level outcomes with binary stockout indicators, we found
a directional reduction of 4.6% in stockouts but it is not statistically significant (p ≈ 0.12)

(“Stockouts” rows in Table SI 6)—i.e., our system does not inadvertently increase stockouts.
   9
    We can recover the IV coefficient in percentage terms: The implied percentage increase in consumption for each
                                                       s
product p is computed as %∆LATE
                             p     = 100 × β̂ norm × Ȳpp , where β̂ norm is the 2SLS coefficient on the standardized
outcome, sp is the product-specific standard deviation, and Ȳp is its baseline mean consumption. Then, we take the
simple average of these product-level effects to obtain an overall increase of approximately 37% for compliers.


                                                        46
Table SI 9: LATE IV Result. Column 1 shows the OLS estimate of treatment compliance
(continuous measure defined in Supplement §2.4) on normalized consumption. Column 2
presents the first-stage regression of treatment assignment (instrument) on compliance. Column
3 reports the IV estimate, which identifies the causal effect for compliers.

                                             (1)                 (2)               (3)
                                            OLS              First-Stage           IV
                                         Normalized            Treated          Normalized
         Dependent variable:
                                        Consumption           Complier         Consumption
         Treated Complier                     0.075**                      –        0.115**
                                               (0.023)                               (0.038)
         IV (treatment assignment)                   –    0.887***                         –
                                                            (0.016)
         Facility fixed effect                 YES             YES        YES
         Quarter fixed effect                  YES             YES        YES
         Facility Type fixed effect            YES             YES        YES
         Observations                         5,290           5,290      5,290
           2
         R                                    0.067               -      0.067
         First-Stage F -Stat                      –           3,318          –
                                                *      **         ***
         Notes: Standard errors in parentheses. p<0.05, p<0.01, p<0.001.


2.7    Cost-Effectiveness Analysis

Our system was highly cost-effective. By design, it did not induce new costs for warehousing or

logistics; instead, it integrated directly into the existing supply chain infrastructure, replacing the
previous manual planning process without requiring additional physical resources or personnel.
The primary cost was a nationwide $30 USD monthly server fee for hosting the prediction and

optimization pipeline and the interface by which NMSA workers interact with our system.
   We conducted an Incremental Cost-Effectiveness Ratio (ICER) analysis using Disability-
Adjusted Life Years (DALYs) as our measure of effectiveness; one DALY represents one year

of healthy life, with one year of life with some disease, disability, or other health condition
represented by some fraction less than one. To this end, we matched each medicine in our study
to the condition it treats, and obtained the number of DALYs gained by treating that condition

according to the World Health Organization (80). For products that can treat multiple conditions,


                                                  47
we used a conservative approach by using the minimum DALY value that one unit of the medicine
could avert; this strategy ensures that our effectiveness estimate is a lower bound. The ICER is

then calculated as the incremental cost of the intervention ∆C divided by the incremental health
effect ∆E. For every product m ∈ [M ], let q̄m denote the minimum number of DALYs that can
be saved when one extra unit of product m is consumed, and let F = 360 USD denote the yearly

fixed cost of hosting our system for the entire nation. Then, we have

                                           ∆C    F
                                 ICER =       = PM       ,
                                           ∆E  δ m=1 q̄m

where δ is the treatment effect from our main impact evaluation. We used δ = 0.19, representing
the 19% average increase in medicine consumption attributed to our system, and we computed the
yearly increase in DALYs from increased consumption of distributed products M
                                                                             P
                                                                               m=1 q̄m = 361.3.

This analysis yields an average ICER of only $5.24 USD per DALY. This is much smaller than
the ICER of typical interventions that are considered cost-effective ($50,000–$100,000) (81–83).
While our ICER is extremely low, it is consistent with recent literature on the “unreasonable

effectiveness of algorithms,” which finds that algorithms can significantly improve resource
allocation at a very low marginal cost (84).




                                               48
Table SI 10: Products Allocated via Our Tool. Statistics for monthly facility-level consumption
between Jan 2020 and Nov 2023. Missing values are excluded.

         Product Name                                              Mean     Median   Std. Dev.
         Medicines
         Albendazole 400mg, Tab                                    124.89       90     205.83
         Aluminium Hydroxide 500mg, Tab                            169.70       85     246.70
         Ampicillin 500mg, Pdr for IM/IV, Inj, Vial                 65.55       34     203.59
         Benzyl Benzoate 25%, Emulsion, 100ml, Bot                  12.76        1      65.00
         Ceftriaxone 250mg, Pdr for Inj                            113.39       25     226.94
         Chlorhexidine Gluconate 7.1%, Gel                           3.58        2      16.11
         Ciprofloxacin 500mg, Tab                                  171.57      100     268.18
         Erythromycin 125mg/5ml, Pdr for Susp, 100ml, Bot           89.27       15     224.83
         Ferrous Sulphate 200mg, Tab                               512.29      300     673.05
         Folic Acid 5mg, Tab                                       509.04      398     745.81
         Glucose (Dextrose) 5%, IV Inj, 500ml, Soft Bag             40.73        6     155.03
         Glucose (Dextrose) Hypertonic 50%, IV Inj, 50ml, Bot        9.60        2      27.87
         Methyldopa 250mg, Tab                                      73.73       45     168.29
         Metoclopramide HCl 10mg, Tab                              147.31       30     306.85
         Misoprostol 200mcg, Tab                                    31.91       10     144.94
         Neomycin & Bacitracin 0.5% & 500IU/g, Ointment, 15g,        4.70        2      17.82
         Tube
         Oral Rehydration Salts (ORS), Sachet                      121.27      100     187.75
         Oxytocin 10IU, Inj, Amp                                    19.61       10      86.72
         Paracetamol (Acetaminophen) 250mg, Dispersible, Tab       464.35      400     475.49
         Paracetamol (Acetaminophen) 500mg, Tab                    562.41      455     635.66
         Povidone Iodine 10%, Solution, Bot                          8.64        1      84.45
         Prednisolone 5mg, Tab                                      65.24       12     134.54
         Salbutamol 100mcg/dose, Aerosol, Inhaler                    1.50        0      14.28
         Water for Injection 10ml, Inj, Amp                         33.75       20     124.35
         Zinc Sulphate 20mg, Dispersible, Tab                      221.20      130     459.66
         Medical Supplies & Equipment
         Apron, Plastic, Disposable, Pcs                            24.69       10     124.65
         Cannula, IV, 18G, Short, Sterile, Disposable, Pcs          14.90       10      48.70
         Cannula, IV, 24G, Short, Sterile, Disposable, Pcs          16.24       10      61.55
         Envelope, Dispensing, Plastic, 10cm x 7cm, Pcs            150.11      100     184.44
         Glove, Exam, Latex, Medium, Nonsterile, Disposable, Pcs   173.18      100     338.22
         IV Giving Set, Pcs                                         19.23       11      49.27
         Mask, Surgical, Pcs                                        47.73       12     215.93
         Rapid test kit, Pregnancy, Pcs                             13.73       10      38.64
         Syringe, Luer, 10ml, Disposable, Pcs                       37.65       17     188.69
         Syringe, Luer, 20ml, Disposable, Pcs                       25.80       10      75.47
         Syringe, Luer, 2ml, Disposable, Pcs                        41.23       25      97.43




                                                   49
Table SI 11: Products Allocated via Other Mechanisms. Statistics for monthly facility-level
consumption between Jan 2020 and Nov 2023. Missing values are excluded. Data from these
products were only used to help train our prediction model and for one of our evaluations
(staggered SynthDiD using product-level controls, called “Alt. Control” in Table 1).

         Product Name                                              Mean     Median   Std. Dev.
         Medicines
         Amoxicillin 250mg, Dispersible, Tab                       592.01      456     734.22
         Calcium Gluconate 100mg/ml, Inj, 10ml, Amp                  5.20        0      52.47
         Ceftriaxone 1g, Pdr for Inj, Vial                         164.45       20     502.68
         Chlorhexidine Gluconate 5%, Solution, 1000ml, Bot           6.38        1     116.60
         Cloxacillin 500mg, Tab/Cap                                300.74      100     550.75
         Epinephrine HCl (Adrenaline) 1mg/ml, Inj, 1ml, Amp          9.25        0      78.06
         Ibuprofen 400mg, Tab                                      284.31      200     346.74
         Jadelle                                                     8.07        5      22.51
         Levonorgestrel (Emergency Contraceptive) 1.5mg, Tab         4.87        0      15.75
         Levoplant                                                   5.33        1      17.90
         Nystatin 500,000IU, Tab                                     8.74        4      24.61
         Progesterone-Only (Microlut) Levonorgestrel 30mcg, Tab,    19.63        3     145.70
         Cycle
         Sodium Chloride (Normal Saline) 0.9%, IV Inj, 500ml,       12.27        8      50.45
         Bot
         Medical Supplies & Equipment
         Bandage, Elastic, 8cm x 4m, Roll                           10.75        1      43.08
         Blade, Surgical, No. 22, Sterile, Disposable, Pcs          18.23        5      91.90
         Cannula, IV, 22G, Short, Sterile, Disposable, Pcs          14.33        6      51.38
         Condom, Male                                              114.40       60     258.42
         Copper-Containing Device (Copper T or Copper 7 or IUD)      7.41        0      28.42
         Cotton Wool, Absorbent, 500g, Roll                          2.73        1      17.93
         Glove, Surgical, Size 7.5, Sterile, Disposable, Pair       49.34       13     112.43
         Glove, Surgical, Size 8, Sterile, Disposable, Pair         37.98       10     108.17
         Needle, Hypodermic, Luer, 21G, Sterile, Disposable         69.56       50     135.77
         Needle, Hypodermic, Luer, 23G, Sterile, Disposable         62.09       50      97.86
         Sanitary Pads, Pcs                                          9.56        2      20.52
         Syringe, Luer, 5ml, Disposable                             57.06       45     111.68
         Tube, Asp/Feed, CH12, Sterile, Disposable, Pcs              4.16        0      19.59




                                                   50
            Table SI 12: Balance Table: District Characteristics by Treatment Status
                                                                                      Control        Treatment          Difference
                                                                                                                              FDR Adj.
 Variable                                                                           Mean   (SD)     Mean   (SD)     p-value
                                                                                                                               p-value
 Days of service delivery                                                           0.46   (0.17)   0.38   (0.17)    0.35       0.71
 Hours of service delivery                                                          1.40   (0.56)   1.26   (0.55)    0.14       0.71
 Facilities where women give birth                                                  6.44   (2.54)   5.23   (2.47)    0.19       0.71
 Availability of basic emergency obstetric and neonatal care                        0.43   (0.38)   0.19   (0.18)    0.35       0.71
 Availability of priority drugs                                                     3.62   (1.39)   3.12   (1.58)    0.78       0.88
 Availability of all tracer drugs                                                   1.84   (1.41)   2.40   (1.78)    0.24       0.71
 Availability of vaccines                                                           6.32   (2.31)   5.31   (2.46)    0.68       0.88
 Vaccines storage: refrigerators 2–8 ◦ C                                            1.72   (2.72)   1.06   (2.14)    0.87       0.88
 Availability of communication equipment                                            3.65   (2.56)   2.56   (1.50)    0.41       0.71
 Access to various forms of communication                                           3.65   (2.56)   2.56   (1.50)    0.41       0.71
 Total proportion of facilities carrying out safe health care waste disposal        5.00   (2.10)   3.86   (1.66)    0.68       0.88
 Availability of basic equipment                                                    1.99   (0.67)   2.00   (0.91)    0.31       0.71
 Availability of Standard Treatment Guidelines                                      3.63   (1.97)   2.53   (2.56)    0.44       0.71
 Outpatient caseload (median per facility)                                          0.63   (0.52)   0.51   (0.21)    0.88       0.88
 Facilities with community health workers                                           5.44   (2.54)   4.84   (2.82)    0.78       0.88
 Average number of community health workers                                         0.69   (0.24)   0.64   (0.33)    0.57       0.85
 Average health workers per facility                                                0.47   (0.50)   0.41   (0.38)    0.81       0.88
 Population Share                                                                   6.95   (3.13)   4.72   (2.45)    0.15       0.71
 Human Development Index (HDI)                                                      0.45   (0.05)   0.43   (0.02)    0.16       0.21
 Health Index (health dimension of HDI based on life expectancy at birth)           0.63   (0.05)   0.64   (0.06)    0.66       0.66
 Income Index (income dimension of HDI based on Gross National Income per capita)   0.41   (0.06)   0.38   (0.02)    0.11       0.21
Notes: Means and standard deviations are shown as Mean (SD). p-values are from two-sample Welch’s t-tests.
Multiple testing adjustments control the false discovery rate (FDR) using the Benjamini–Hochberg (BH) procedure.




                                                                 51
Table SI 13: Percentage of Missing Data by Product. We report missingness rates in consump-
tion data for each product across control and treated facilities in pre- and post-treatment periods.
The p-values are from two-sample proportion tests of significant differences in missingness rates
between control and treated groups, without adjusting for multiple hypothesis testing.

                                                                Pre-Treated                       Post-Treated

  Product
                                                      Control    Treated      p-value   Control    Treated       p-value
                                                       (%)         (%)                   (%)         (%)
  Albendazole 400mg, Tab                                0.00          0.00     1.00       0.10        0.00        1.00
  Aluminium Hydroxide 500mg, Tab                       97.60         99.00     0.15      95.20       91.70        1.00
  Ampicillin 500mg, Pdr for IM/IV, Inj, Vial           14.60         24.20     0.06       5.50       10.10       0.00***
  Apron, Plastic, Disposable, Pcs                      73.80         42.60    0.00***    75.90       55.20       0.00***
  Benzyl Benzoate 25%, Emulsion, 100ml, Bot            98.50         98.70     1.00      70.20       83.80       0.00***
  Cannula, IV, 18G, Short, Sterile, Disposable, Pcs    42.50         32.30     0.02*     66.40       53.60       0.00***
  Cannula, IV, 24G, Short, Sterile, Disposable, Pcs    39.30         26.40    0.00***     6.50        3.60        1.00
  Ceftriaxone 250mg, Pdr for Inj                       96.70         99.40     0.66      88.90       88.20        0.75
  Chlorhexidine Gluconate 7.1%, Gel                    28.70         15.90    0.00***     3.90        4.80        0.48
  Ciprofloxacin 500mg, Tab                             90.60         87.90     0.19      67.90       22.30       0.00***
  Envelope, Dispensing, Plastic, 10cm x 7cm, Pcs       55.40         32.70    0.00***    70.90       52.90       0.00***
  Erythromycin 125mg/5ml, Pdr for Susp, 100ml,         99.50         99.00     0.43      82.70       85.40        0.32
  Bot
  Ferrous Sulphate 200mg, Tab                          75.70         76.90     0.71      83.40       54.20       0.00***
  Folic Acid 5mg, Tab                                   0.10          0.30     0.15       1.80        6.10       0.00***
  Glove, Exam, Latex, Medium, Nonsterile,               4.70          6.90     0.04*     6.90        4.30         0.05
  Disposable, Pcs
  Glucose (Dextrose) 5%, IV Inj, 500ml, Soft Bag       91.20         96.50     0.13      76.10       77.60        0.65
  Glucose (Dextrose) Hypertonic 50%, IV Inj,           99.60         99.40     0.64      87.00       92.90        0.38
  50ml, Bot
  IV Giving Set, Pcs                                    5.00          4.20     0.46       4.30        4.80        0.69
  Mask, Surgical, Pcs                                  79.10         74.00     1.00      83.70       77.20        1.00
  Methyldopa 250mg, Tab                                 0.20          0.50     0.30       0.30        0.30        1.00
  Metoclopramide HCl 10mg, Tab                         90.10         88.00     0.33      85.10       84.00        0.65
  Misoprostol 200mcg, Tab                              60.60         67.90     1.00      70.70       75.40        0.10
  Neomycin & Bacitracin 0.5% & 500IU/g,                97.60         99.00     0.15      69.30       68.70        0.83
  Ointment, 15g, Tube
  Oral Rehydration Salts (ORS), Sachet                  0.00         0.00      1.00       0.20        0.80        0.10
  Oxytocin 10IU, Inj, Amp                               1.50         1.30      0.86       3.30        3.70        0.68
  Paracetamol (Acetaminophen) 250mg,                    0.20         0.20      0.64       0.10        0.20        1.00
  Dispersible, Tab
  Paracetamol (Acetaminophen) 500mg, Tab                38.20        28.40     0.01*     12.10       21.00       0.00**
  Povidone Iodine 10%, Solution, Bot                    89.70        90.00     0.91       5.50       20.10       0.00***
  Prednisolone 5mg, Tab                                100.00        99.00     0.55      93.60       90.70        0.12
  Rapid test kit, Pregnancy, Pcs                        69.80        61.60     0.49      62.30       59.20        0.35
  Salbutamol 100mcg/dose, Aerosol, Inhaler              89.10        76.80    0.00***    40.30       44.60        0.20
  Syringe, Luer, 10ml, Disposable, Pcs                  80.10        54.20    0.00***    57.90       29.00       0.00***
  Syringe, Luer, 20ml, Disposable, Pcs                  70.40        46.00    0.00***    61.50       31.80       0.00***
  Syringe, Luer, 2ml, Disposable, Pcs                   75.00        47.00    0.00***    56.80       31.20       0.00***
  Water for Injection 10ml, Inj, Amp                    25.40        25.20     0.95      32.30       30.80        0.68
  Zinc Sulphate 20mg, Dispersible, Tab                  0.00         0.00      1.00       0.20        0.30        0.64
Notes: Significance levels: * p<0.05, ** p<0.01, *** p<0.001.




                                                                52
References
60.      Sierra Leone Ministry of Health and Sanitation (MoHS) & Center for International Earth
Science Information Network (CIESIN), Columbia University. Sierra Leone national health
facilities dataset version 01. (2023).
61.     Martin, D. W. et al. Implementing nationwide facility-based electronic disease
surveillance in Sierra Leone: Lessons learned. Health security 18, S–72 (2020).
62.   WorldPop. WorldPop global project population data: Estimated residential population per
100x100m grid square. (2021).
63.   Weiss, D. et al. Global maps of travel time to healthcare facilities. Nature medicine 26,
1835–1838 (2020).
64.   Didan, K. MOD13Q1 MODIS/Terra Vegetation Indices 16-Day L3 Global 250m SIN
Grid V006 [Data set]. (2015).

65.    Besbes, O. & Muharremoglu, A. On implications of demand censoring in the newsvendor
problem. Management Science 59, 1407–1424 (2013).
66.    Greene, W. H. Econometric analysis 4th edition. International edition, New Jersey:
Prentice Hall 201–215 (2000).
67.    NMSA. National medical supplies agency act, 2018. (2018).

68.   Stevens, G. A. et al. Guidelines for accurate and transparent health estimates reporting:
The GATHER statement. The Lancet 388, e19–e23 (2016).
69.     Statistics Sierra Leone. 2015 Population and Housing Census.
https://www.statistics.sl/index.php/census/census-2015.html (2015).
70.    Humanitarian Data Exchange (HDX). HDX HAPI Population Dataset. (2023).
71.    Kotary, J., Fioretto, F., Van Hentenryck, P. & Wilder, B. End-to-end constrained
optimization learning: A survey. arXiv preprint arXiv:2103.16378 (2021).
72.    Agrawal, A. et al. Differentiable convex optimization layers. Advances in neural
information processing systems 32, (2019).
73.    Team, W. H. O. (WHO). Allocation Logic and Algorithm to Support Allocation of
Vaccines Secured Through the COVAX Facility. (2021).

74.    Lab, G. D. Global data lab — open data on human development, health, education,
wealth, and more. (2025).
75.    Africa Health Service Delivery in Sierra Leone: Results of 2018 Service Delivery
Indicator Survey. (2018).
76.    SimpleMaps. World cities database. (2025).


                                               53
77.    Yang, Y. & Diez-Roux, A. V. Walking distance by trip purpose and population
subgroups. American journal of preventive medicine 43, 11–19 (2012).
78.     Ashenfelter, O. C. & Card, D. Using the longitudinal structure of earnings to estimate the
effect of training programs. (1984).
79.     Angrist, J. & Imbens, G. Identification and estimation of local average treatment effects.
(1995).
80.    WHO. Global health estimates: Leading causes of DALYs. (2024).
81.     ICER. Perspectives on Cost-Effectiveness Threshold Ranges. https://icer.org/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/ICER_2019_Perspectives-on-Cost-Effectiveness-Threshold-Ranges.pdf
(2019).
82.    Health Economics Resource Center (HERC), U. S. D. of V. A. Cost‐effectiveness
analysis.
83.    Neumann, P. J., Cohen, J. T., Weinstein, M. C., et al. N Engl J Med 371, 796–797 (2014).

84.     Ludwig, J., Mullainathan, S. & Rambachan, A. The unreasonable effectiveness of
algorithms. in AEA papers and proceedings vol. 114 623–627 (American Economic Association
2014 Broadway, Suite 305, Nashville, TN 37203, 2024).




                                                54
